2007-08-21
Islamic Republic of Iran (IR)
International; weapons; political; proliferation; energy
An agreement between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Iran stating that there are no outstanding issues and uncertainties regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities.
The United States and Europe suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program is a cover for that country's attempts to acquire technology to develop an atomic bomb.
The United States and Europe suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program is a cover for that country's attempts to acquire technology to develop an atomic bomb.
The UN Security Council will likely consult on Iran's nuclear energy program in September 2007, when the U.S. and Europe will likely impose a fourth round of sanctions on Tehran.
Prior to the September 11, 2007 meeting of the 35 member states of the International Atomic Energy Agency Board of Governors, the IAEA circulated a report on Iran's nuclear energy program on a small scale.
The report shows that the International Atomic Energy Agency reached an agency agreement with Tehran on August 21, 2007, and that Iranian officials had begun to publicize it on August 12, 2007, well in advance.
The agreement states that there are no longer outstanding issues and uncertainties regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities.
According to Reuters, the International Atomic Energy Agency noted in this report that the work plan is an important step forward.
Reuters quoted a senior U.N. official as saying that the Iranian government's uranium enrichment efforts have slowed.
The IAEA report states that Iran must continue to build international confidence in the scope and nature of its nuclear program, now and in the future.
On August 30, 2007, Iranian officials said that cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency might avert a new round of international sanctions.
Iran's Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH, told Iran's Fars News Agency that the IAEA has emphasized in its report that there is no indication or evidence of Iran's diversion of its nuclear activities and that the entirety of Iran's nuclear material has been verified.
Some non-proliferation experts point out that the IAEA is too accommodating to Iran.
David Albright and Jacqueline Shire, arms control experts at the Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS), published an opinion piece on August 19, 2007, stating that: The idea of sealing the dossier violates basic defense principles, and that the agreement does not require Iran to allow the IAEA to have access to key personnel, facilities, and documents in order to verify Iran's responses to the questions posed by the IAEA. The agreement does not require Iran to allow the IAEA access to key personnel, facilities and documents in order to verify Iran's responses to IAEA questions.
Some independent experts have said that this latest agreement between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency could give inspectors access to more nuclear facilities and information, but not to the extent that the West has demanded that it halt its production activities of enriched uranium downsized for use in atomic bombs.
Tom Casey, a spokesman for the Bush administration at the U.S. State Department, said that while the report may provide some new details or insight into the development of Iran's nuclear program, the Iranian government has not yet fulfilled any of its international obligations related to its nuclear program.
Casey said the fact that Iran's nuclear program continues to advance shows that the regime is continuing on a path of defiance of the international community.
Most Western nonproliferation experts point out that the agreement reached on August 21, 2007, will hardly dissuade policymakers in Washington, London, Paris, and Berlin from again seeking another round of sanctions from the Security Council.
Experts said that the August 21, 2007 agreement showed that there were some transparency issues that had been addressed, but that many of those issues should have been resolved before then.
Daryl G. Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association, a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, said the Iranian government is pursuing the enrichment technology and capabilities needed to produce the material for an atomic bomb, which the deal does not address.
Kimball noted that the Iranian government's intention is to defuse international accusations and pressure and claim that they are making progress.
Iranian officials have said that in the unlikely event of more sanctions, Iran may reduce its cooperation with inspectors.
The Security Council had previously unanimously adopted a resolution imposing sanctions on Iran, but the punitive measures advocated by the United States were held back by pressure from China and Russia.
In an interview with Iran's state-run television, Sultanieh said that the IAEA report and the measures taken by Iran have made the interference of any other international organization, including the Security Council, in Iran's nuclear program irrelevant and biased.
2007-09-30
Israel (IL)
Proliferation; technology; international; political
Israel has submitted to the Nuclear Suppliers Group a new proposal to allow the international community to transfer nuclear technology to countries that are not signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The proposal could further complicate the Bush administration's efforts to secure an exemption for India from the nuclear trade.
Israeli officials have succeeded in persuading a number of key countries involved in the nuclear trade to adopt a new guideline that would allow the international community to transfer nuclear technology to countries that have not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
States not signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, including India, Israel and Pakistan, are currently prohibited from participating in international nuclear trade, including the procurement of reactors, uranium fuel and yellowcake.
The Israeli proposal paper was circulated in March 2007 among the 45 members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The Israeli proposal was in non-paper form, thus facilitating official denial.
In a letter dated March 17, 2007, the Chairman of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) indicated that the Israeli proposal was made in the context of the NSG's request for an exemption for India.
According to the Israeli proposal, only India and Israel would be eligible to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group among the countries that have not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The Israeli program provides 12 criteria for allowing nuclear trade by non-treaty States.
One of the criteria states that Israel, an undeclared nuclear-weapon State, should be allowed to engage in nuclear trade if it applies stringent physical protection, control and accounting measures to all nuclear weapons, nuclear facilities, nuclear source material and special nuclear material within its territory.
The documents were circulated on Capitol Hill in September 2007, during the same period that the Bush administration was on the verge of reaching an agreement with India.
Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association of Washington, said the Israeli document could spill over into the U.S. debate on India.
Kimball said:
The movement in the NSG is that the officials of the member countries do not want to be a stumbling block for the world's largest country (India) and the most powerful country (the United States).
When the Nuclear Suppliers Group meets in November 2007, consensus on India's application for an exemption will be difficult to achieve.
The Israeli proposal gave officials from a number of States reason to suggest an alternative to specific exemptions.
Israel maintains a superior record to India in terms of compliance with international nuclear rules.
Despite the special ties between Israel and the U.S. government, the Bush administration vetoed this Israeli proposal this time.
The proposal could further complicate the Bush administration's efforts to secure an exemption for India from the nuclear trade.
President Bush and Secretary of State Rice believe that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty is an important part of the Bush Administration's foreign policy legacy.
The agreement is controversial within India, but Congress must approve it.
India's delay in ratifying the agreement could have a negative impact on the Bush administration's foreign policy legacy, with a delay until an election year having the most negative impact.
U.S. State Department spokesman Tom Casey said the U.S. government considers the Indian agreement unique and will not view it as a precedent that other countries, including Israel, can rely on.
David Siegel, a spokesman for the Israeli embassy in the United States, said the implication that the Israeli government is asking for an exemption or linking it to any other issue, including the India debate, is very wrong.
Siegel said:
The Government of Israel has never requested any exemption from the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) with regard to the nuclear supply guidelines, nor has it made any specific requests to the NSG that are relevant to Israel.
Israel is recognized as being in full compliance with the guidelines of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The Government of Israel has urged the Nuclear Suppliers Group to consider adopting a generic, multi-tiered, criteria-based approach to nuclear technology transfer.
Some members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) have previously proposed an approach similar to this Israeli proposal.
The nuclear non-proliferation regime would be greatly enhanced if the nuclear supply guidelines were modified in accordance with the program proposed by Israel.
2008-07-26
Iran (IR)
International; proliferation
Iranian President Ahmadinejad has announced that he will expand Iran's uranium production capacity.
Iran refused to commit to stopping the expansion, but hinted that it might in the future.
On July 26, 2008, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said in a speech to scholars in the northeastern city of Mashbad that Iran had increased the number of its uranium enrichment centrifuges to more than 5,000 units.
The statement was Ahmadinejad's first declaration of expansion since April 2008, when Iran announced that it would soon be operating 6,000 centrifuges.
Iran has stated that its future goal is to operate 50,000 centrifuges at the Natanz uranium enrichment facility.
The international community has demanded that Iran stop the production of nuclear materials.
Several media outlets have reported differently on the number of centrifuges Ahmadinejad mentioned.
An Iranian news agency reported that Ahmadinejad claimed that Iran now has 6,000 operating centrifuges, but the agency later removed this from the Internet.
Another Iranian news agency said Ahmadinejad put the number of centrifuges at 100,000.
In the absence of a functional status of the centrifuges, experts believe that the importance of this announcement by Ahmadinejad is to be discounted.
A Western diplomat in Tehran said on condition of anonymity that the state of operation and productivity of the centrifuges is more important than the number of them, but that Ahmadinejad's statement would prevent a resolution from coming out on the resolution of the diplomatic standoff between Iran and the West.
Jeffrey Lewis, an arms control expert at the newly created U.S. Foundation think tank, said the foundation was aware of Iran's goal of planning to assemble 6,000 centrifuges, but had no knowledge of how well the centrifuges were functioning.
Diplomatic sources and arms control experts say Iran's uranium enrichment program is currently hampered by technical problems.
Iran has repeatedly claimed that its nuclear program is intended to be used only to generate electricity, as nuclear weapons manufacturing is contrary to the teachings of Islam.
The United States, Israel, Europe and most Western arms control experts believe that what Iran is seeking is the ability to immediately build an atomic bomb at any time.
Experts note that it is relatively easy to produce weapons-grade uranium using reactor-grade uranium.
Ahmadinejad said the West is still seeking to resume negotiations after Iran resisted Western demands to halt its nuclear activities.
EU Foreign Policy Minister Solana recently made two offers to Iran:
A package of incentives (which were endorsed by the United States) used in exchange for Iran's cessation of uranium enrichment activities
A six-week pre-negotiation "freeze" period during which Iran does not increase the number of centrifuges and the West does not push for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran in the UN Security Council.
United States officials have repeatedly stated that there will be no negotiations until Iran ceases all verifiable uranium enrichment-related activities, but the Bush Administration recently agreed to the "freeze period" proposal and sent Deputy Secretary of State William Burns to Geneva to participate in good offices.
On July 26, 2008, during the Geneva talks, Burns Iran refused to respond to Solana's offer.
The round of talks is the highest level of diplomatic engagement between the United States and Iran in nearly three decades.
Solana, Burns and the European envoys issued a deadline by which Iran must respond positively before the start of a new round of sanctions, which include a ban on the sale of Iran's refined oil products that are vital to its economy.
Iranian officials have refused to commit to stopping the expansion or to meet that deadline.
On July 26, 2008, Ahmadinejad appeared to suggest that Iran might stop increasing the number of centrifuges it was scheduled to add, halting the expansion for more than six weeks.
Ahmadinejad said the West has agreed that Iran's existing 5,000-6,000 centrifuges can operate as long as the number is not increased.
5,000 centrifuges could provide enough nuclear material for a power plant or, in the case of highly enriched uranium, for an atomic bomb.
With 6,000 centrifuges running continuously, enough weapons-grade enriched uranium could be produced in six months to make one atomic bomb.
In May 2008, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Iran had 3,500 centrifuges in operation.
2008-11-14
Iran (IR); Russian Federation (RU); China (CN); France (FR); United States (USA)
International; Weapons; Proliferation; Government; Political; Energy
A diplomatic conference in Paris failed to agree on further measures to force Iran to halt uranium enrichment at the Natanz facility.
On November 14, 2008, participating diplomats told the media that U.S., European, Russian, and Chinese officials failed to agree on further action to dissuade Iran from halting uranium enrichment at Natanz at a meeting in Paris on 13 November.
Uranium enrichment is a highly technical process that produces fuel that can either be used in nuclear power plants to generate electricity or as fissile material for the manufacture of atomic weapons.
At the end of the meeting on the 13th, no new measures were announced to the public.
After the meeting on the 13th, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that the international community had reaffirmed the importance of the two approaches to Iran - either diplomatic mediation or the imposition of sanctions.
Russia and China oppose a new round of sanctions against Iran.
Russia and China, which have close political and commercial relations with Iran, do not believe that there is pressure in their respective countries to take action against the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The United States does not have close political and commercial ties with Iran and feels that there is domestic pressure to take action against the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Russia and China have veto power over Security Council resolutions.
Moscow's Interfax news agency quoted Russian diplomat Sergei Ryabkov as saying that the participating parties failed to agree on adopting sanctions against Iran at the Nov. 13, 2008, meeting, with the West favoring sanctions against Iran, while China and Russia did not support them.
Sergey Ryabkov attended the meeting on the 13th.
A report released this week indicates that Iran has made significant progress at its heavy water research reactor facility near the city of Arak.
It is possible that the heavy water research reactor near the Iranian city of Arak may eventually be able to produce plutonium that could be used in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
Satellite imagery released by the Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS) shows that between February 2008 and October 2008 there was a significant expansion in the construction of the heavy water research reactor facility near the city of Arak.
David Albright said the heavy water research reactor near the Iranian city of Arak has attracted the attention of the international security community.
David Albright says the heavy water research reactor near Arak is making significant progress, based on analysis of satellite imagery, and in the span of a year and a half, it has gone from being built on a scale of just the framework of the building to having most of the work completed today.
David Albright, a former weapons inspector, now works as the director of the Washington, D.C.-based Institute for Science and International Security.
Iran has stated that its development of nuclear technology is aimed at producing energy and conducting research.
The United States and its Western allies suspect that Iran's production efforts are a precursor to building a nuclear weapons infrastructure.
Low-enriched uranium production is a legitimate activity under international arms control regulations.
The latest developments in Iran's nuclear technology development suggest that the foreign policy team to be assembled by U.S. President-elect Barack Obama faces complex diplomatic and technological challenges as it takes up the difficult task of preventing Iran from acquiring technology that could be used in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
The current U.S. president, George W. Bush, has succeeded in aligning U.S. foreign policy with the positions of the leaders of the European Union, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany in order to push for tougher sanctions and diplomatic action against Iran in the months leading up to the end of his term in office.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is expected to release a report criticizing Iran next week.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is the nuclear watchdog of the United Nations.
The failure of the November 13, 2008 Paris conference to produce new initiatives on Iran's nuclear program has reduced the likelihood that the UN Security Council will impose another set of sanctions before the end of President Bush's term.
While the international community is staging diplomatic maneuvers, Iran's efforts to master nuclear and missile technology continue to advance.
Some Israeli officials warned about Iran's test-firing this week of a solid-fueled, two-stage rocket with a range of 1,200 miles.
The city of Tel Aviv, Israel's largest metropolitan area, is less than 650 miles from Iranian territory.
2002-04-06
Russian Federation (RU)
International; science; energy; weapons
A heavily guarded laboratory campus in Russia harboring anthrax, bubonic plague and other deadly bacteria is facing a power outage because of arrears in payments to the Moshengo power company.
A large storage facility for anthrax, bubonic plague and other deadly bacteria on a laboratory campus 100 miles south of Moscow is threatened with a power outage.
An official of the Moscow region's Moshengo power company recently came to the door to collect a debt in person, threatening to cut off the electricity supply if the arrears continued.
This Russian laboratory campus consists of 90 buildings and was once home to Russia's secret biological weapons development program during the Soviet era.
The headline of a report in the Russian newspaper Kommersant incorrectly stated that a deadly virus in the Moscow region's bacteriological reservoir has jeopardized Moscow's security.
In fact, the State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology in Obolensk does not store viruses.
The National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology houses a variety of deadly bacteria that were used for research in the former Soviet Union's secret biological weapons program.
Russia has a large virus bank in Siberia.
Officials in Russia and the West have said the power outage at the National Center for Applied Microbiological Sciences is unlikely to pose a threat to public health.
Officials in Russia and the West say they are optimistic that the power outage at the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology will not threaten public health because there is enough uncertainty.
General Nikolai N. Urakov said in a phone call that the protection system of the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology is very reliable and sufficient to cope with emergencies.
General Nikolai Urakov has long been the director of the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology.
The National Science Center for Applied Microbiology has been working with Western scientists in an attempt to transform the campus into a biomedical manufacturing site.
General Nikolai Urakov said in a phone call that the staff of the State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology is frightened by the threat of a blackout, which has come suddenly and which is a psychological pressure on the personnel of the State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology.
In the unlikely event that the power supply to the State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology is cut off, scientists will have to destroy all bacterial experiments currently underway, General Nikolai Urakov said by telephone.
General Nikolai Urakov wants the United States and the West to provide an additional $500,000 a year to pay the electricity bill and arrears of the State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology. To renovate the former biological weapons park, the United States and Western countries have previously contributed about $6 million.
A U.S. scientist who works closely with the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology says the electricity bill for the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology should be paid by the Russian government.
Western aid to revamp the former biological weapons laboratory campus, where General Nikolai Urakov was in charge, had peaked at $970,000 a year when they learned that Iran had extended an olive branch to the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology with the intention of purchasing the expertise.
With Russian scientists and military leaders now relying on Western funding to destroy nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, it is hard to avoid the suspicion that the outside world is orchestrating this sense of crisis in order to ask for more funding.
American scientist Randall Lee Beatty works on transformation in Obolensk at the National Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology.
The threat of this power outage at the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology is a crisis, Bitti said.
Randall Lee Beatty is a director at the International Science and Technology Center.
The International Center for Science and Technology (ICST) finances roughly half of General Nikolai Urakov's budget to underwrite the expenses of some 350 Russian biological weapons scientists and technicians.
Randall Lee Beatty stated that it is common knowledge that the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology has not paid its electric bill in 14 months.
Randall Lee Beatty said the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology is one of the world's key repositories for dangerous pathogens, and it would be a shame if those repositories were destroyed because of nonpayment of electricity bills.
The National Science Center for Applied Microbiology currently houses about 3,000 strains of bacteria, many of which are stored in cryogenic vats cooled with liquid nitrogen and isolated from the environment by multi-layered containers and oversized air-handling systems that operate without electricity.
If the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology were to be cut off, live bacteria currently kept in a frozen state would thaw, the most serious danger possible.
A biowarfare expert at the Monterey Institute of International Studies named Raymond zilinskas says that if the National Science Center for Applied Microbiology loses power, the main threat would be to the organisms themselves, not the possibility of their escape.
In a worst-case scenario, where temperatures rise to -70 degrees and up, the bacteria will thaw, and its subsequent cleanup is a headache because there's no way to know for sure if all of the bacteria will die, Raymond Cirinsacs said.
The strife between the Moshchengo Power Company and the Obolensk State Scientific Center for Applied Microbiology is yet another example of the dangerous ways in which the demands of corporate capitalism can clash with the old forces of weapons science in the former Soviet Union in order to maintain their own operations.
As a result of electricity bill arrears in 2000, the Russian state power company cut off power to a nuclear strategic base, even though the base's nuclear missiles were on high alert at the time.
The nuclear missile silos themselves were not de-energized.
Heavily armed troops then marched to the substation before power was restored.
During January 2001 and February 2001, the state-owned United Energy Systems cut off power to a number of military installations around Russia.
Military installations that suffered power cuts include the Russian Space Force monitoring center in Kamchatka.
Power was quickly restored to most of the military installations that had lost power.
The findings usually show that the tug-of-war with the power companies forces the military to earmark budgeted funds for the purchase of electricity that cannot be diverted to other uses.
Sometimes some of the money cut from the budget is set aside for other purposes such as building country houses for the officers.
2004-07-24
Brazil (BR)
International; crime; government; drugs
Brazil is on the verge of enforcing the law that allows the Air Force to attack drug-trafficking aircraft in Brazilian airspace.
The United States is concerned about liability in the unlikely event that a civilian aircraft is misclassified as a drug trafficking aircraft.
Brazil has announced that the Air Force will begin shooting down airplanes used for illicit drug trafficking in Brazilian airspace.
The program requires eight steps of precautions to be taken beforehand before an order to shoot down an aircraft can be given.
Before this policy goes into effect in late October 2004, the department will notify ranchers and others through a publicity campaign that they will need to file flight plans in advance in the future.
Brazil approved a law allowing such actions as early as 1998, but between 1995 and 2003, the then President, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, never put this policy into practice.
The United States discouraged Cardoso from signing the decree out of concern that accidentally shooting down a civilian airplane could land the U.S. government and the company in a lawsuit.
In April 2001, the United States reduced its support for operations against drug-transporting aircraft after Peruvian warplanes shot down a small plane that they mistook for a drug-trafficking aircraft, killing a female American missionary and one of her children.
As a result of the intelligence and technical support provided by the United States Government to the operation, the relatives of the victims sued the United States Government, and the parties eventually reached an out-of-court settlement.
A U.S. State Department official said:
U.S. law may prohibit assistance to countries that implement a shoot-down policy under certain conditions.
The United States agrees with a Brazilian assessment that the threat posed by drug traffickers is not only serious but growing.
The United States Government has consulted with the Government of Brazil on the provisions of United States law.
Brazilian Defense Minister Jose Viegas said Brazil had encountered difficulties in securing U.S. support for the program, but recent bilateral talks between the two countries have determined that the U.S. government will accept the decree without exposing Brazil to the risk of commercial sanctions.
Brazilian officials said the policy is expected to receive U.S. support before implementation.
The United States plans to provide Brazil with $10.2 million in 2004 in specialized counter-narcotics and law enforcement assistance funds.
Gen. Mauro Jose Miranda Gandra, a former air force commander and now director of the School of Aeronautics at the Estacio De Sa University in Rio de Janeiro, said the measure is a brave step by the government, but may have more political than practical significance due to the self-imposed limitations imposed by the Brazilian government.
Brazilian officials said the policy does not apply to airplanes carrying children.
Viegas said it is necessary to set limits.
Gandhra said the provision provides immunity to drug planes carrying children, who could then be abducted by drug traffickers to be used as human shields, which would undermine the very purpose of the law.
In an interview in Brasilia, Viegas said the government will use legal weapons to more forcefully stop drug traffickers who used to enter Brazilian airspace with impunity.
The public security situation in the State of São Paulo, and especially in Rio de Janeiro, is deteriorating as drug gangs in the region become more powerful and violent, prompting the Government to take action.
Rio de Janeiro's drug gangs, whose firepower configuration is stronger than that of the police, have successfully attacked police stations, forcing businesses to shut down and schools to close.
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva said in an interview with foreign journalists in 2003:
This policy is a matter of national sovereignty and security.
Some of the pilots of the drug-smuggling planes felt so confident about escaping punishment that they even made obscene gestures to the pursuing Brazilian air force pilots.
The constitutionality of this law has been questioned because the Brazilian Constitution prohibits the use of the death penalty to punish criminal acts.
Some legal experts and other commentators have stated that, contrary to the Government's claims, the decree amounts to a de facto execution of drug traffickers.
In its editorial for the week of July 18-24, 2004, the Folha de Estado de São Paulo newspaper noted that the ethical and legal issues raised by the extreme measure outweighed any potential benefits.
Penalties will be enforced outside the competence of the Tribunal through an administrative decision of the Commander of the Air Force.
The Commander of the Air Force will have the power of life and death over the crew and passengers on flights with unusual movements.
In 2002, Brazil inaugurated the $1.4 billion System for the Surveillance of the Amazon River (SIVAM) radar system, giving the government the ability to monitor air activity over the vast Amazon region for the first time.
The system utilizes American technology.
In the initial phase of operation, the number of illegal flights dropped by 30% for a time as drug traffickers were wary of the system's upgraded tracking performance, but then rebounded.
In 2003, the number of illegal flights recorded in Brazil was 4,128.
Some of these flights were the result of unintentional violations by ranchers flying between Amazon plantations.
Viegas said there has been a significant increase in intentional violations of Brazilian airspace by drug traffickers, which is due to their realization that the government is powerless to combat them.
In April 2001, Fernandinho Beira Mar, one of Rio de Janeiro's most notorious drug lords, was arrested in Colombia, having traded arms and drugs in exchange with left-wing guerrillas.
The Amazon corridor in northern Brazil has become an increasingly busy and important route in the global drug trade, with rampant smuggling of weapons, gold and diamonds.
One of the most important drug and gun smuggling routes in the supply of cocaine to Europe reportedly extends from Colombia through the northern Amazon to Suriname.
Colombia is currently the only country that has implemented a shoot-down policy for drug-trafficking aircraft.
A large amount of cocaine and heroin marketed in the United States comes from Colombia.
2005-07-16
Venezuela (VE)
International; weapons; leaders; military
Venezuelan President Chavez's arms deals with Russia have curtailed his military cooperation with the United States, and his enactment of a plan to train as many as two million Venezuelan civilians to defend themselves against a possible invasion by a superpower has thrown Americans and Venezuelan critics inside the country into a state of worry.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, whose arms deals with Russia have curtailed his military cooperation with the United States, has enacted a program to train as many as two million Venezuelan civilians to defend themselves against a possible invasion by a superpower that has also thrown Americans and Venezuelan critics inside the country into a state of worry.
Chávez insists that these initiatives are purely defensive in nature, designed to address the long overdue need to upgrade outdated military equipment and defend Venezuela from persecution by countries that seek to take control of the country.
Venezuela is the largest oil producer in South America.
Domestic opponents scoffed at Chavez's belief that the U.S. would invade Venezuela, accusing Chavez's real intentions of arming a group of loyal reservists to protect Chavez's personal safety in the event of a domestic uprising and to create a military counterweight to U.S. influence in Latin America.
Cuban leader Fidel Castro is a big ally of Chavez, and Chavez's ties to Castro have grown stronger.
Critics of Chávez in the U.S. government say that Chávez's arms purchases and indoctrination of armed civilians are even more troubling because they may be part of Venezuela's strategy to mimic a Cuban-style form of militarized socialism in its democratic reconstruction and to foment leftist revolutions throughout South America.
U.S. military strategists say they are increasingly concerned that a Chavez-inspired militant movement could spark such a revolution.
The political mainstream in Latin America has tended to shift to the left since the late 1990s.
Much of this leftward trend has been caused by the popular belief that free market economics has failed in Latin America.
Leftists have risen to power and been elected leaders of Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Ecuador and Venezuela.
Domestic supporters of Chavez counter that the United States has engaged in armed intervention, either blatant or covert, in the Latin American country's domestic politics over a century-long period, saying opponents have no right to question Venezuela's defense preparedness.
Carlos Roque Espinoza Leon (R-FL) said Venezuelans never ask what the U.S. Marines are doing.
Espinosa is a pro-Chavez defense expert who serves in the Venezuelan National Assembly.
Espinosa said there are 500,000 rifles in Peru and no one is talking about it.
Colombia is the most militarized country in Latin America, says Espinosa, and yet no one crosses the line.
Espinosa said that the history of the United States is a history of aggression against Latin America.
Espinosa said Venezuelans must use all means to defend Venezuela.
Chávez famously said that Venezuela's Bolivarian Revolution, while peaceful, was not an unarmed revolution.
Chavez was first elected president in 1998, and a survey by local pollster Datanalisis puts his current approval rating at 71 percent.
Venezuelan military analyst Alberto Garrido said Chavez is seeking allies from among Russia, China and Iran to promote a multipolar world that would resist U.S. dominance and encourage a grassroots movement in Latin America to abandon the influence of the U.S. government.
Lorenzo Campos, a farmer in the northern Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui, is training as a reservist.
Venezuelans want the world to know that Venezuelans are not preparing to attack anyone and that our mission is to defend Venezuela, Campos said.
In May 2005, the Chávez government released details of an $18.6 million deal with a Russian company that included the purchase of 100,000 AK-103 assault rifles with 30 rounds of ammunition each, as well as the transfer of technology for the domestic manufacture of the model in Venezuela.
The deal sold for $186.22 per rifle.
That price is well below the buying price in the U.S., where mail-order prices for the same weapon can run as high as $825 to $850.
The Venezuelan government is also interested in purchasing 10 Russian helicopters, 10 Spanish transport aircraft and 6 Spanish naval vessels.
Venezuelan officials say the government is in talks with Brazil to buy about 24 air support and training aircraft.
Chavez insists, and even retired military critics most loyal to him agree, that these arms purchases are necessary to update older weapons like the Belgian FAL rifles that have been in service for decades.
Retired Gen. Fernando OCHOA ANTICH says it is an exaggeration to say that Chavez is amassing arms and equipment.
Ochoa was defense minister in 1992, the year Chavez, still a lieutenant, staged an attempted coup.
Ochoa said Venezuela hasn't bought weapons in 25 years and said Chavez hasn't bought weapons in a radical way that would threaten neighboring countries.
Ochoa said Venezuela had never before bought Russian weapons and implied that Chavez did so to get rid of his dependence on U.S. weapons.
Asked to question why Chávez would buy such rifles, which are common among subversive forces in Latin America, Ochoa said Chávez's political support for radical leftist movements made Chávez a dangerous figure across the continent.
The U.S. Department of Defense has publicly questioned what Chavez will do with the old FAL rifles and whether he will share weapons or ammunition with guerrilla forces in Latin America.
The U.S. government has produced no evidence that Chavez is arming or funding leftist rebels.
Military analysts and experts who study Colombia's FARC guerrillas say the rebels, with large sums of money earned from drug trafficking at their fingertips to buy weapons, would not be interested in old Belgian rifles or Chavez's assistance.
In a study published in 2003 by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency, it was noted that more than half of the foreign-marked weapons seized from Colombian guerrillas between 1998 and 2001 were of Venezuelan origin.
This means that corrupt members of the Venezuelan military or officials sympathetic to the guerrillas may reach out to them.
Perhaps more to the chagrin of Chavez's domestic opponents, Chavez has plans to brainwash the military and newly enlisted militia reservists in what critics call ideological brainwashing.
In early 2005, Chávez called on the "revolutionary forces" to mobilize the masses to prepare for resistance against the superpower aggressor, saying that the first step would be to train between 100,000 and 2 million volunteers over the next few years to supplement the active forces.
Military analysts estimate Venezuela's active armed militia at 83,000.
Communities and state corporations will be augmented with People's Defense Units, while the University of Freedom, created by Chavez's decree, will report directly to the president himself.
The Government insisted that the reserve forces be used as a complementary force to the armed forces and not as a fifth column to guard against a possible anti-Chávez coup d'état.
Espinoza said the reserve forces could not be used as a strike force for any one political party, and that it was up to each individual to decide which side to take in the event of a civil war.
General Julio Ramon Quintero Viloria is the commander of the reserve forces.
The armed forces hope to train 50,000 civilians over 20 weekends in the second half of 2005 and another 300,000 in 2006, General Quintero said in an interview.
Quintero said that Venezuelans do not want to be colonized by any empire, so they must be prepared to deal with all possibilities.
In June 2005, 100,000 reservists joined the Venezuelan Navy in a large-scale, simulated combat exercise to repel an invading power.
In June 2005, 40 employees of the state-owned oil company took part in a similar exercise in which a total of 1,200 soldiers appeared.
Pro-Chavez groups warn of asymmetric warfare.
Asymmetric warfare is a term coined by American military strategists to describe a combat conflict between two sides of unequal strength in which the weaker side is forced to resort to guerrilla tactics.
Over the past five years, the United States Government has provided Colombia with $3.3 billion in aid, the vast majority of which is military assistance.
Chavez's loyal followers fear that the U.S. government may incite Colombia to fight a proxy war with Venezuela as a way to overthrow Chavez and take control of Venezuela's oil.
A senior U.S. official in an interview dismissed the notion that the U.S. government wants to invade Venezuela, pointing out that such a claim is pure nonsense.
The official said that Chavez's side wants to make relations between the two countries negative because they are playing politics, and it is through constant confrontation with the United States that Chavez has come to power.
Another thing that bothers the U.S. is that Chavez has reduced military cooperation and joint exercises between the two countries.
The U.S. Army has a cooperative office in a Venezuelan port that has been open for 50 years.
Instead, Chavez ordered it closed in 2004.
Five U.S. military instructors and cadets who participated in the exchange program were ordered to leave the country in April 2005.
Analysts say Chavez may be trying to indoctrinate public and armed forces with his ideas.
Analysts say there is no evidence that Chavez will use these forces to aid leftist revolutions elsewhere.
2007-06-18
Democratic People's Republic of Korea (KP)
Proliferation; international
The North Korean government may be preparing to begin shutting down a plutonium-producing reactor in June 2007, the first step in its plan to shut down its entire nuclear facility by December 2007....
U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Hill said on June 18 that the North Korean government may be ready to begin shutting down a plutonium-producing reactor in June 2007, the first step in its plan to shut down its entire nuclear facility by December 2007.The North Korean government is also preparing to shut down a plutonium-producing reactor by December 2007, according to the U.S. Department of State.
Hill is the chief U.S. representative in charge of negotiations on North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Hill said the North will invite a delegation from the International Atomic Energy Agency for talks to determine verification and monitoring of the closure of the nuclear facilities; after June 16-17, the long-stalled plan to shut down the nuclear weapons program will begin.
After meeting with Chinese negotiator Wu Dawei, Hill said shutting down the nuclear facility has been a long-standing goal of the effort.
Hill said the closure would take place in weeks, not months.
According to an Associated Press report from Vienna, Austria, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on June 18, 2007, that a team of its experts would arrive in Pyongyang on June 24 to discuss with the DPRK side how to verify the closure of the DPRK's nuclear facilities and other related matters.
Hill said inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency will meet with North Korean officials about closing the reactor, possibly installing video surveillance at the reactor site.
The DPRK agreed to start implementing the agreement reached in February 2007 on shutting down the Yongbyon nuclear facility only after the DPRK's $25 million in frozen deposits in a Macao bank was transferred to the DPRK.
Previously, the DPRK's funds were frozen due to the U.S. side's accusation that Macau's Huiye Bank assisted the DPRK in money laundering.
After months of dispute between the parties over the manner in which the funds were to be returned, a consensus was finally reached; the funds were first wired to the New York branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States on June 14, 2007.
It was then transferred to the Central Bank of Russia and finally to an account set up by the DPRK in a Russian commercial bank.
Hill said he would consult with representatives of the Russian, South Korean and Japanese talks the week of June 17 on closure steps to partially make up for the time spent on remittances.
The talks will also involve setting a timetable for the relaunch of the six-party talks.
In the agreement reached in February 2007, the DPRK committed to shutting down the Yongbyon nuclear reactor and allowing inspectors to verify and monitor it in exchange for 50,000 tons of fuel oil.
North Korean officials will declare all nuclear programs and shut down all nuclear facilities in exchange for another shipment of 950,000 tons of fuel oil in the next phase of assistance agreed upon in the deal.
Technically, it is possible to complete the second phase of the agreement by December 2007, Hill said.
2007-08-27
Islamic Republic of Iran (IR)
International; weapons; proliferation; government; energy
Leading experts on arms control issues have criticized a new plan for nuclear activities jointly issued by Iran and the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency, calling it ineffective and dangerous.
On August 27, 2007, Iran and the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) jointly issued a plan for resolving the issues by December 2007.
The issue has been pending for the past four years.
The program is aimed at easing suspicions about Iran's past nuclear activities.
International Atomic Energy Agency officials called the program a breakthrough.
Iranian President Hammadinejad said at a news conference in Tehran on August 28th:
The investigation into Iran's nuclear activities has been concluded;
No member of the International Atomic Energy Agency has been as cooperative with the investigation as Iran;
Iran is a nuclear-armed country;
Iran has a nuclear fuel cycle system;
Iran will not bow to international pressure to stop its nuclear program;
Iran's nuclear program is for peaceful purposes.
The United States and some European countries believe that Iran's nuclear program is designed to build nuclear weapons.
Some Western governments and authoritative experts on arms control say Iran is trying to avoid further punishment by the U.N. Security Council.
These Western governments include the United States and France.
These governments and experts believe that Iran is trying to:
Delaying the arms control process;
Avoid answering questions about Iran's past violations of the agreement.
David Albright, a physicist and director of the Institute for Science and International Security, noted:
Iran's claims cannot be verified;
The International Atomic Energy Agency does not have access to the persons, documents and sites concerned;
The International Atomic Energy Agency has lost the right to continue with its questions next;
This extraordinary advance sets a bad precedent;
The International Atomic Energy Agency may have been duped by Iran by trying too hard to reach a deal.
The International Atomic Energy Agency declared in the program:
Iran answered questions about its past experiments with plutonium without explaining how.
Mark Fitzpatrick, a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said:
The International Atomic Energy Agency's plan lacks depth;
The International Atomic Energy Agency's plan will catalyze months of consultations;
The IAEA's plan could result in it receiving incomplete or misleading answers from Iran.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies is based in London.
Plutonium is a substance that can be used to make nuclear weapons.
The Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS) is a private research organization headquartered in Washington, DC.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is headquartered in Vienna.
2007-11-15
Islamic Republic of Iran (IR)
Proliferation; international; commercial
A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) shows that since 1998, Iran has been denied a total of about 75 requests to purchase nuclear-related materials, due to sellers' concerns about their use in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) shows that since 1998, Iran has been denied a total of about 75 requests to purchase nuclear-related materials, due to sellers' concerns about their use in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), a branch of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) with 45 member countries, regulates the trade in nuclear materials to ensure that they are used for peaceful purposes and not diverted to military use.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) consists of countries that are leaders in nuclear technology.
In accordance with the provisions of that organization, the States concerned should prevent trade in nuclear materials in violation of agreements on the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
However, the organization does not have enforcement powers, only the power to inform the company concerned of violations.
The data of the Nuclear Suppliers Group is kept secret from the public and most of its meetings are held in secret.
Most of Iran's rejections occurred after 2002, when its purchase program was derailed by the intervention of members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The news of the rejection of Iran's purchase program comes from a diplomatic source whose country is very concerned about Iran's access to nuclear materials and whether they are used for weapons production.
The publication of the list is conditional on the anonymity of the identity of the diplomatic agent and the country to which he belongs.
The list mentions businesses from Australia, Finland, Sweden, the UAE and other countries that have been prevented from conducting such transactions with Iran because the items involved are suspected of being potentially diverted for military use.
The items on the list that were refused for trade included: nickel powder, chemical plant components, compressors, high-temperature furnaces, steel flanges and fittings, electron microscopes, radioactive concentrators, valves and fittings, lasers, a rotary drilling set, a mass spectrometer set and a nitrogen production set.
End-users in Iran include the Government of Iran and the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI), electric power companies, engineering companies, petrochemical refining and natural gas companies, aerospace industries, primary and secondary schools, universities, engine builders, mineral research centers, helicopter support companies, and high ion gas physics centers.
The diplomatic source said the 75 disclosed procurement plans involved only seven of the 45 members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
This also means that the number of purchases actually attempted by Iran could be much higher.
Diplomats in the West have accused the Iranian government of using companies to receive nuclear technology and then diverting it to weapons manufacturing while out of surveillance, and Iran's current nuclear program continues to advance.
Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty but is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
2008-08-08
Georgia (GE); Russian Federation (RU)
International; Government; Dissent; War and Conflict; Weapons; Politics
On August 8, 2008, Russia launched air strikes against targets in Georgia.
The air strikes caused an intensification of the conflict in one of Georgia's divided regions.
On August 8, 2008, Russia launched air strikes against targets in Georgia.
The air strikes caused an intensification of the conflict in one of Georgia's divided regions.
This conflict is a test of Russia's strength and military power.
Earlier on August 8, 2008, Russian troops and armored vehicles entered South Ossetia.
The involvement of Russian troops has exacerbated the bitter conflict with Georgia in the breakaway region.
The United States, other Western countries and NATO have condemned this act of violence.
The United States, other Western countries and NATO called for a ceasefire.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice asked Russia to withdraw its troops.
Russian soldiers remain in Georgia.
Georgian officials reported that on the night of August 8, 2008, the Black Sea ports of Bosnia and Herzegovina experienced at least one air strike.
Russia and Georgia show no signs of easing tensions.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says the battle has been fought.
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili accused Russia of launching a premeditated invasion.
Georgia mobilized reserve forces.
On August 8, 2008, Georgian government websites experienced intermittent crashes.
The collapse of the official website is a sign that Georgia is experiencing cyberwarfare.
The dispute could continue the protracted conflict in the Caucasus.
The Caucasus region is an important conduit for oil from the Caspian Sea to the world market.
The conflict in the Caucasus has been going on for years near the Russian border.
The most recent conflict took place in Chechnya.
Russia's military invasion of Georgia demonstrated Russia's confidence and determination.
A Russian military invasion would test the strength of the Russian military.
Putin has attempted to modernize the Russian military and upgrade its equipment during his two terms as president.
In early 2008, Russia announced that it would increase its support for the breakaway region.
Georgia has labeled Russia's support as an act of annexation.
August 8, 2008 There are conflicting reports in the media as to whether the GERB or the Russian army has assumed control of Tskhinvali.
Late on August 8, 2008, it was unclear whether Russian and Georgian soldiers had engaged in ground combat and whether the combatants were limited to separatist and Georgian forces.
Tskhinvali is the capital of Georgia.
Georgia has a mountainous terrain.
Georgia is a pro-Western and anti-Russian province.
2008-09-19
Iraq (IQ)
International; telecommunications; technology; crime; leaders; media; dissent
Iran's Fars News Agency reported that the hacker group known as Group XP has hacked into more than hundreds of Shiite-related websites.
The official website of Iraqi Shiite leader al-Histani was among those attacked.
Group XP said on the attacked site that any site containing content that goes against Sunni teachings would be targeted for hacking.
In a series of cyberattacks against Shiite-related websites, the official website of Iraqi Shiite leader al-Histani was also attacked, rendering it inaccessible.
It is not yet clear whether the attack began on September 18 or 19, 2008, in the morning.
As of the evening of the 19th, Sistani's website was still inaccessible.
A website related to the Histani religious organization www.al-shia.com也受到了影响.
Another of the organization's websites is www.sistani.com则运行正常.
Iran's Fars news agency said that between September 18 and 19, 2008, Group XP had hacked into some 300 Shiite-related websites, rendering them inaccessible.
Neither the hackers nor the Iranian side have indicated whether Group XP is headquartered in the UAE, and this information has yet to be verified by a third party.
On Sept. 19, several Iranian news sites said that several Shiite and Iran-related websites that were under attack were back up and running.
Group XP published a signed statement on the homepage of the Histani website that it was carrying out this attack on behalf of Sunni Muslims.
The statement said:
Group XP has carried out similar attacks on Shia websites in the Persian Gulf and Iraq;
Group XP cleaned up the site as it had done with other "Lafayette" sites;
Rafid means infidel and is a special term used by Sunni extremists to disparage Shiite Muslims.
Born in Iran, Shistani advocates sexual deviance and is an agent of Iranian interests in Iraq.
Any website that contains content that goes against Sunni teachings will be among the hackers.
The statement was accompanied by a short YouTube video clip in which American comedian Bill Maher satirizes Histani's fatwa on whether legal couples can have sexual intercourse in certain positions.
The office of Najaf's Shiite religious leader declined to comment on the cyberattack.
Fars News Agency reported that two major websites of the Wahhabi sect, which belongs to a conservative branch of Sunnism that is dominant in the Saudi Arabian region, have been hit back.
2008-10-08
Somalia (SO); Ukraine (UA); Kenya (KE)
Crime; weapons; international; money
Somali pirates have hijacked a Ukrainian cargo ship carrying a large amount of weapons, and the parties are close to reaching an agreement on its release.
The shipment of weapons to Kenya has raised suspicions that there may be a secret arms deal between Kenya and South Sudan.
A Ukrainian cargo ship carrying a large amount of weapons was hijacked by a group of Somali pirates on September 25, 2008.On October 8, 2008, maritime officials and intermediaries claimed that the pirates might soon receive ransom money.
After difficult negotiations that resembled a bazaar bargain, the parties involved are close to an agreement whereby the pirates will receive millions of dollars and then release the ship.
A businessman named Ahmed Omar in xarardheere, Somalia, said the amount of ransom agreed to by the pirates and the ship's owner was about $8 million, and that the cargo ship was expected to be released on Oct. 8 or 9, 2008.
Harardheere is located off the coast of Somalia, a notorious pirate lair.
Kenyan maritime officials said some key details are yet to be agreed.
One of the details is that the pirates are asking for guarantees that they will not be arrested or attacked by the American warships that have now formed an encirclement.
A Kenyan maritime official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said such negotiations are complex and involve more than just money.
On October 8, 2008, the official said that negotiations were progressing and that the parties were close to reaching an agreement.
The pirates initially demanded a ransom of $35 million, which was later reduced to $20 million.
The pirates have always expressed a willingness to negotiate ransom figures.
In 2008, more than 25 ships were hijacked off the coast of Somalia, with ransom payments typically ranging from $1 million to $2 million.
The pirates on the Ukrainian cargo ship said they would release the ship and cargo, along with the 20 crew members on board, after receiving payment in dollars, preferably all in $100 bills.
Questions have been raised as to which country was the original destination of the arms shipment on the Ukrainian ship.
Shortly after the hijacking of the cargo ship on September 25, 2008, the Government of Kenya claimed that the weapons on board were destined for the Kenyan military.
The ship was en route to the port of Mombasa, Kenya.
The weapons on board included 33 T-72 tanks, 150 grenade launchers, 6 anti-aircraft guns and a large amount of ammunition.
Evidence has since surfaced that the weapons were part of a secret arms deal between Kenya and areas occupied by independence elements in southern Sudan.
Had the pirates not hijacked the ship and talked to the media via satellite phone, the deal would likely have remained unknown to the outside world.
Ukrainian officials categorically deny any impropriety.
Oleh Belokolos, a Ukrainian diplomat in Kenya, said:
Ukraine has not provided any weapons to the Government of South Sudan and has no plans to do so.
All relevant written information was verified.
Ukraine complies with all relevant United Nations rules and arms control agreements.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Ukraine inherited a large stockpile of weapons and is now a major global arms dealer.
This deal with Ukraine is seen as rather dubious by outsiders given that Kenya relies heavily on the UK and other western countries for the supply of heavy weapons.
Kenyan politicians have demanded answers and called for several committees to investigate this.
South Sudan is an autonomous region that is currently building up its military, and they are using Soviet tanks.
The U.S. military says its top priority is to ensure that weapons are not unloaded from the ship and then dumped on Islamist insurgents in Somalia.
The pirates denied any interest in the weapons, claiming that they were unaware of the tanks on board when they hijacked the cargo ship.
Pirates' spokesman sugule Ali said in an interview last week that they were only interested in money in the deal.
2008-11-28
Afghanistan (AF)
narcotics
Antonio Maria Costa, director of the United Nations Office on Drugs, said Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban now has to cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpile raw opium to prop up the price of opium and maintain this major source of funding for the insurgency.
Antonio Maria Costa, director of the United Nations Office on Drugs, said Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban now has to cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpile raw opium to prop up the price of opium and maintain this major source of funding for the insurgency.
Costa made the statement to reporters last week, when the United Nations Office on Drugs was about to release the latest investigative report on opium cultivation in Afghanistan.
The survey showed that opium poppy cultivation had been reduced in most parts of Afghanistan and that the vast majority of the existing cultivation areas were concentrated in 7 of the country's 34 provinces, mainly in the southern region, where the insurgency was still rampant.
The survey was released on 11/27/2008.
The United Nations found that the area under opium cultivation in Afghanistan had decreased by 19 per cent, but that total opium production had fallen by only 6 per cent.
Studies have shown that the higher yields per acre are due to the seasonal suitability for growth in the South.
The southern region has better irrigation facilities and the Taliban have a strong presence in the five southern provinces, where they have been systematically encouraging opium cultivation for many years, which is used to generate income to finance the insurgency.
The United Nations estimates that the insurgents made $300 million in profits from the opium trade last year.
Costa said $200 million to $300 million would be enough to fund a lot of the war effort.
Thanks to three consecutive years of bumper harvests, the Taliban's opium production far exceeded global demand.
The result, Costa said, is an oversupply and a price drop of about 20 percent.
But prices have not plummeted, Costa said, a fact that proves the Taliban, drug lords and even some farmers have stockpiled some of the opium.
Afghan opium is also increasingly processed.
Costa added that the insurgents have been holding large quantities of opium in their hands.
Costa said stocks of opium are at risk of depreciation due to a surplus of up to 11,000 tons of opium, more than twice the world's total demand over the past three years.
The United Nations found that Afghanistan produced 8,500 tons of opium in 2008.
It is estimated that the world's annual demand for opium is about 4,400 tons.
This year, the Taliban have taken a passive stance on opium cultivation and have eased their pressure on Afghan farmers to grow poppies.
This would support the current price of opium.
Costa is an Italian diplomat who has worked for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime for six years.
2001-10-05
South Africa (ZA)
International; terrorism; government; money
The Government of South Africa has imposed a ban on the recruitment of mercenaries or foreign military assistance personnel within or outside South Africa.
On October 06, 2001, The Citizen stated that it was illegal for South Africans to engage in mercenary activities or to provide military assistance to foreign countries within or outside South Africa.
According to The Citizen, the South African Department of Foreign Affairs announced on October 05, 2001 that the South African government had banned mercenary activities following reports that 1,000 military-trained Muslims had previously been recruited to leave South Africa for Afghanistan to join the Taliban in fighting the Americans.
According to reports, an organization called "Muslims Against Illegal Leaders" claimed that the 1,000 military-trained Muslim men had volunteered and that they were supported by local businessmen.
There are reports that the 1,000 military-trained Muslim men are all over the age of 18.
"Muslims Against Illegal Leaders is a Cape Town-based group.
The report was refuted by the Muslim Judicial Council.
The South African Department of Foreign Affairs has indicated that the South African Foreign Military Assistance Act prohibits the recruitment of mercenaries or foreign military assistance personnel within or outside South Africa.
The South African Foreign Military Assistance Act provides that no person shall provide military assistance to any country, organ of state, group of countries or other country except with the permission of the National Conventional Arms Control Committee.
This provision of the South African Foreign Military Assistance Act means that military assistance can only be provided externally on the basis of an agreement approved by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee.
The South African Department of Foreign Affairs has indicated that any person who contravenes South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act or any person who participates in foreign military activities without authorization may be prosecuted and face a fine, imprisonment or both.
2002-07-01
Peru (PE)
International; money; crime; human rights; government; drugs; politics; leaders
Peru's former intelligence chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was convicted of illegally controlling the National Intelligence Agency (ANR) during former President Fujimori's tenure.
Montesinos was sentenced to nine years and four months for that offense.
Montesinos plans to appeal.
On July 1, 2002, Vladimiro Montesinos, Director of Intelligence under the government of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori, was convicted on charges of illegally controlling the National Intelligence Service (SENI) when he should have only been acting as an adviser to the agency.
Montesinos was sentenced to nine years and four months in prison for abuse of power.
The judgment also ordered Montesinos to pay a $3 million fine as restitution to the state.
Anti-Corruption Judge Saul Pena said Montesinos pleaded guilty to charges of abuse of office.
The verdict was the first of more than 50 charges against Montesinos, including embezzlement, drug trafficking, illegal arms dealing and human rights violations.
Montesinos is suspected of weaving a web of bribery.
A videotape that came to light showed Montesinos offering a bribe to a congressman in exchange for favoring the government's side, an incident that eventually festered and led to Fujimori being forced to resign from the presidency in November 2000.
Accused of malfeasance and embezzlement, Fujimori has been in active exile in Japan since his resignation, using the talisman of dual citizenship to avoid legal action by Peruvian authorities.
Montesinos fled Peru in October 2000, but was arrested on June 23, 2001, in Venezuela.
Since 2001, Montesinos has been incarcerated at the Callao Naval Base, where he also learned of the verdict.
Montesinos said he would consult with a defense attorney about the appeal.
2002-07-25
Hong Kong (HK)
International; government; crime; weapons; drugs
The Hong Kong Police Force conducts operations to prevent triad societies and transnational crime groups from engaging in criminal activities.
Recently, the Hong Kong police dismantled a transnational theft ring, a cross-border crime syndicate, and a local triad gang specializing in the use of young people in criminal activities.
The Oriental Daily pointed out that the recent arrest of five triad sub-gang leaders or regional leaders by the Hong Kong police in just three weeks demonstrated the police's commitment to eradicating criminal activities.
The Hong Kong Police have recently been working closely with the Guangdong Provincial Public Security Bureau on intelligence exchange and have conducted a series of raids.
Between 18 and 24 July 2002, the Hong Kong Police launched operations to combat triad activities, including drug trafficking, illegal arms possession, theft, robbery, sale of pirated and obscene video products, sale of duty-not-paid cigarettes and trafficking in dangerous drugs.
It was reported that on 24 July 2002, the police sent more than 100 officers to raid a disco nightclub in Mongkok, Kowloon, where two triad gangs were organizing a dance reception to settle some disputes between them.
The police eventually arrested three triad leaders and 14 key members of the triads.
Police sources confirmed to Xinhua that all 17 arrested persons were still in custody for questioning as of 25th.
Sources in Hong Kong said the capture of 17 people in one fell swoop was due to the fact that police officers had penetrated the gangs involved beforehand.
Police sources also hinted that the Hong Kong police will next launch more crackdowns on other triad gangs.
The Hong Kong Police Force's efforts to combat organized criminals involve active cooperation with the police in mainland China and elsewhere.
The First Far East Regional Conference of the International Drug Enforcement Congress (IDEC) was held in July 2002 in Hong Kong.
At the meeting of the International Drug Law Enforcement Conference held in Bolivia in February 2002, Hong Kong was awarded the right to host the next conference.
Some 42 senior anti-narcotics officials from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Australia, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and the United States came to Hong Kong to participate in the meeting.
An internal Hong Kong police briefing recently reported that the purpose of the meeting was to provide a flexible, forward-looking environment for information sharing and proactive action against organized transnational drug trafficking criminals.
Intelligence exchanges between the Hong Kong police and the mainland Chinese police are particularly frequent.
Recently, an 11-member delegation from the National Narcotics Control Commission of mainland China visited Hong Kong to learn from the Hong Kong police how to enforce anti-drug laws.
At a meeting with an 11-member team led by Chen Cunyi, Deputy Director of the Narcotics Bureau of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security, Chief Superintendent Yip Lau-chuen, Chief Superintendent of the Narcotics Bureau of the Hong Kong Police Force, gave a briefing on the Hong Kong Police's stepped-up law enforcement efforts in Hong Kong.
The Hong Kong Police and the National Narcotics Control Commission of China also exchanged views on issues of mutual concern and discussed a number of issues, including investigative work to combat drug trafficking and money laundering.
The mainland side also met with the Deputy Commissioner of Police of Hong Kong, Mr. Yam Tat-wing, at the end of the visit to discuss proposals for further cooperation in combating cross-border drug trafficking.
2002-07-25
Peru (PE)
Drugs; crime; military; government
Peruvian military documents reveal that former intelligence helmsman Montesinos has ties to drug trafficking.
A document signed by a former high-ranking Peruvian army officer disclosed on 07/25/2002 that Vladimiro Montesinos has ties to drug trafficking, which could further jeopardize the situation of the former helmsman of Peru's National Intelligence Agency.
Peru's national daily newspaper El Comercio de Peru reported on its front page that Montesinos may have instructed military leaders in Alto Huallaga to engage in the drug trade as a way of finding out the whereabouts of the leaders of the rebel Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path) and the Movimiento Revolucionario de Tupac Amaru (MRTA).
Alto Huallaga is located northeast of the capital city of Lima.
The story is based on the final report out of the Attorney General's office.
The report of the Attorney General's Office collected documents of allegations submitted anonymously by a Peruvian general.
According to the newspaper El Comercio de Peru, the Government of former President Alberto Fujimori implemented the intelligence operation "Scorpion" in 1992 to combat terrorism and drug trafficking in the Amazon region.
As part of Project Scorpion, a number of agents infiltrated the insurgents and drug cartels to gather information on key leaders.
Cocaine was also ordered to be transported to cover the agents' true identities.
Montesinos was a close advisor to former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori.
Fujimori resigned in November 2000 over a bribery scandal and is currently being held in Lima.
2002-08-29
Nepal (NP)
Terrorism; Dissent; Military
A soldier is injured in a bombing in Kathmandu following the expiration of Nepal's state of national emergency.
A police officer in Kathmandu reports :
On August 29, 2002, a soldier of the Royal Nepalese Army was seriously injured when a bomb exploded while a bomb disposal team was attempting to defuse a bomb that had been left on an electric pole in Okubahar, Sandahara Township, Lalitur District, Kathmandu.
Outsiders believe that anti-government rebels planted the bomb.
The injured soldiers have been taken to the Army Hospital in Kathmandu for treatment.
No other damage or injuries have been reported as a result of this incident.
This is the second bomb blast in Kathmandu since the morning of August 28, 2002, with the first one occurring at the Bishababang supermarket in the city center.
The first explosion broke about a dozen store windows and injured two other customers.
The national state of emergency expired on the evening of August 28, 2002, and the GON has not yet decided to reintroduce the measure.
2002-09-05
Nepal (NP)
Terrorism; politics; dissent
Nepalese anti-government militants have stepped up bomb attacks and murders following the expiration of a national state of emergency.
The insurgents plotted attacks during the midterm parliamentary elections.
On August 28, 2002, Nepal ended a nine-month national emergency.
Subsequently, violence by anti-government armed elements in Nepal continued to escalate, with multiple bomb threats and explosions across the country.
At least five major bomb attacks occurred between August 28, 2002 and September 4, 2002 in the Kathmandu Valley.
On August 28, 2002, a bomb exploded in a supermarket in central Kathmandu, injuring two people.
On August 29, 2002, a soldier was killed by a bomb in Lalitpur district, Kathmandu Valley.
After August 29, 2002, there were two more bomb incidents in the downtown area of Lalitpur district and in a store in Kathmandu city.
On September 4, 2002, a bomb was detonated at the Metropolitan Government in Kathmandu.
Outside the Kathmandu Valley, anti-government guerrillas murdered a number of activists and others from the ruling Nepali Congress party and set fire to or bombed several buildings.
In an interview with the English-language newspaper Kathmandu Post, an underground insurgent leader said that the insurgents would disrupt the mid-term parliamentary elections scheduled for November 13, 2002, violently on all fronts.
On August 29, 2002, the British Embassy and Consulate in Nepal issued a warning to British nationals to be aware of the anti-government offensive and advised to avoid areas blocked by Nepalese security personnel.
The British Embassy said intelligence assessments indicated that anti-government guerrillas were preparing to launch urban offensives to complement activities in the countryside.
The U.S. Department of State says that U.S. citizens and U.S. interests are of great concern to Nepalese anti-government militants, especially those outside the Kathmandu Valley, in the wake of the recent bombings.
On September 3, 2002, the U.S. State Department publicly stated that the rebels were planning to unleash new violence ahead of the September 16, 2002, declared general strike.
The Government of Nepal is considering reintroducing the state of emergency to maintain law and social order.
Nepal's Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba has said that he will consult with concerned persons and political parties on the possible extension of the state of emergency.
Due to the tense situation, Deuba abandoned his scheduled trip to Johannesburg for the World Summit on Sustainable Development and returned to Nepal immediately after his nine-day visit to Europe.
On November 26, 2001, the Government of Nepal imposed a state of emergency after anti-government guerrillas unilaterally abandoned a four-month ceasefire negotiated with the Government and launched attacks on army barracks and police posts.
2002-10-19
Nepal (NP)
Terrorism; dissent
Following the collapse of peace talks between the Nepalese guerrillas and the Government of Nepal, the guerrillas launched an attack that resulted in the death or injury of several police officers.
Nepal's state-run radio reported on October 20, 2002, that on the night of October 19, 2002, anti-government guerrillas ambushed a police convoy in western Nepal, killing at least three policemen and injuring 19 others.
Radio Nepal quoted a security official as saying.
The attack took place when the police personnel were traveling in two police vehicles to Digapur in Kereli district, where three police personnel, including an inspector and a sub-inspector, were tragically killed.
The officers killed and injured were from the first vehicle.
The driver of the vehicle was also killed in the ambush.
The whereabouts of the five police personnel remain unknown.
The injured police personnel were taken to Kathmandu and Nepalganj for treatment and the police have deployed additional police personnel in the area to ward off the guerrilla attacks.
Since the expiration of the nine-month national emergency at the end of August 2002, anti-government armed elements have intensified their violent activities in the Kingdom of Nepal.
The Government of Nepal held peace talks with the guerrillas in August 2001 in an effort to bring about a peaceful resolution to the guerrilla insurgency, which, since its inception in 1996, has resulted in violence that has claimed the lives of more than 5,000 people, including police officers, members of the guerrillas and civilians.
Three rounds of talks ended inconclusively, with the Government of Nepal rejecting the guerrillas' demands for a republic, an interim government and a new constitution.
More than 370 guerrillas and hundreds of government security personnel were killed in the fighting after the guerrillas unilaterally abandoned a four-month ceasefire negotiation on November 23, 2001, and the Government of Nepal imposed a state of emergency on November 26, 2001, following which more than 370 guerrillas and hundreds of government security personnel were killed in the fighting.
2002-11-23
China (CN); Russian Federation (RU); Kazakhstan (KZ); Kyrgyzstan (KG); Tajikistan (TJ); Uzbekistan
International; terrorism; political
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of China, Mr. Tang Jiaxuan, announced that the member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization would meet in Moscow on 23 November 2002 to discuss the building of the Organization and to conduct consultations on counter-terrorism.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of China, Mr. Tang Jiaxuan, stated on 23 November 2002 that the member States had made progress in the building of SCO and in cooperation among the member States.
Tang Jiaxuan and the foreign ministers of Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan will meet in Moscow on November 23, 2002 to discuss the building of the SCO and a range of international and regional issues.
Tang Jiaxuan said that mechanism building is the current focus of the SCO, and with the joint efforts of coordinators and experts from the six countries, preparations for the establishment of the secretariat have entered a critical stage.
Tang also said the Chinese government plans to complete the drafting of relevant documents before the SCO summit next year and aims to officially open the secretariat after the summit.
Tang Jiaxuan said the SCO still faces a very serious war against terrorism, citing the October 2002 hostage crisis in Moscow as evidence.
Tang Jiaxuan said the terrorist attacks in Moscow plotted by ethnic separatists and regional extremists showed the necessity and correctness of combating the three forces of terrorism, separatism and extremism.
Tang Jiaxuan said SCO member states should strengthen and expand security cooperation as soon as possible to jointly fight these three forces and terrorist organizations, and that a regional anti-terrorist agency will be set up in Bishkek, the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Tang Jiaxuan said that the Chinese Government appreciates and supports the proposal of the Central Asian countries to strengthen anti-drug cooperation.
Tang Jiaxuan said that the Chinese government has signed multilateral anti-drug cooperation agreements.
Tang Jiaxuan said anti-drug measures are one of the top priorities of regional counter-terrorism agencies.
Tang Jiaxuan said that economic cooperation is the focus of cooperation among SCO member States, noting that
In order to benefit greatly from economic and trade cooperation, member States should strengthen their political common sense about economic and trade cooperation and view it as a strategic issue that could affect regional security and the development of SCO.
Tang Jiaxuan also referred to the volatile situation in today's world, noting that the SCO member States share the urgent task of managing threats in the area of non-traditional security, such as terrorism, drug trafficking, arms smuggling, transnational currency crimes and so on.
Tang Jiaxuan said that with the overall situation of the world in a stable state and the economy gradually moving forward, peace and development remain the theme of the times.
Tang Jiaxuan said the international community is paying close attention to the SCO, and more and more countries and international organizations are willing to engage in dialogue and cooperation with the SCO.
Tang Jiaxuan said the SCO should further strengthen exchanges and cooperation with other parties through wider visibility and more active positioning, which would not only strengthen the SCO's international influence but also reflect the SCO's commitment to the principles of non-alignment, non-targeting of other countries and organizations and openness to the outside world.
Tang Jiaxuan said that the SCO will adopt an interim agreement on SCO foreign policy at its November 23, 2002 meeting.
Tang Jiaxuan said the agreement will formally open up exchanges between SCO and other organizations to promote the "Shanghai Spirit" of mutual trust, mutual benefit, equality, consultation, respect for diverse civilizations and pursuit of common development.
2002-12-28
Iraq (IQ)
International; proliferation; weapons
On December 28, 2002, United Nations inspectors searched seven sites in Iraq to verify the presence of proscribed weapons.
U.N. weapons inspectors went to seven sites in Iraq on Dec. 28, 2002, to check for the presence of banned weapons of mass destruction, spokesman Hiro Ueki said.
A team of biological weapons experts from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission visited the Jaffa Juice Factory of the State Company for Food Industries, located in the Zafaraniya industrial zone in Baghdad.
The Jaffa Juice Factory, a self-financed mixed ownership enterprise, was previously declared a monitored target due to the presence of some dual-use equipment.
A biological team of personnel returned to the Alkendi Veterinary Vaccine Plant, a follow-up to the initial December 22, 2002 inspection.
A number of missile experts from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission paid an unannounced visit to the warhead loading plant located in the Akaka campus, which is tasked with loading warheads for the Al-Samoud and Al-Fatah missiles.
Members of the chemical team of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission, together with members of the missile and biological teams, inspected the Ibn Yunis Center, which used to be a mechanical design base in Baghdad.
According to spokesman Hiroshi Uekigawa, the entire building, which is housed in a sprawling building that houses numerous other companies and institutions, including a regional office set up by the ruling Baath Party, was inspected by United Nations weapons experts.
On December 28, 2002, other inspectors conducted separate field verifications at the Khadr Air Force Ammunition Test Range, which is located near Mosul, 400 kilometers north of Baghdad, and at two privately owned trading companies.
There are currently 105 inspectors in Iraq, 99 of whom are from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission and 6 from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
The inspectors had until January 27, 2003 to submit their first report on Iraq's weapons program to the UN Security Council.
2003-04-28
France (FR); India (IN)
International; arms; military; money; government; technology
France and India are set to sign a deal estimated at up to $2 billion to license India to domestically produce six advanced diesel-powered submarine-class anchovy submarines.
French Defense Minister Michel Alliot-Marie held a security dialogue with Indian leaders on the deal.
On April 28, 2003, France indicated that it would provide India with long-term military cooperation in the areas of co-development, transfer of technology and sale of high-tech weapon systems.
France and India are set to sign a deal estimated at up to $2 billion to license India to domestically produce six advanced diesel-powered submarine-class anchovy submarines.
French Defense Minister Michel Alliot-Marie held a security dialogue with Indian leaders.
Alio Marie said:
International cooperation is necessary, especially after the recent war in Iraq.
France wants to increase and deepen its defense ties with India.
France will provide upgrades to the weapons systems previously sold to India to maintain them in optimum operational condition.
France is selling India upgraded Mirage 2002-5 fighter aircraft and related technology transfers, thermal imaging cameras for Russian-made T-72 and T-90 tanks, and artillery angle measurement systems.
France agrees:
Placement of potent landmines along the borderline in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Investigating cross-border terrorist movements.
Upgrade the fire control system of Indian tanks.
Prior to the delegation-level dialogue between the two countries on April 28, 2003, Mary had already met one-on-one with Indian Defense Minister George Fernandes.
Mary arrived in India on Sunday.
2003-06-24
France (FR)
International; Government; Dissent; Crime; Terrorism; Leaders
The French Foreign Minister said that the French operation against the MKO in Paris today was part of the campaign against terrorism.
On 24 June 2003, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of France, Dominique de Villepin, stated that his Government viewed the fight against the Iranian armed opposition group, the People's Mujahedin Organization (PMOI), as part of its anti-terrorist campaign.
In an interview with Radio France Presse, de Villepin said that the MKO has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks in Iran and that France cannot harbor such terrorist forces.
De Villepin said the arrests were a just decision and that there was no diplomatic element in the incident.
Mr. de Villepin said that France, which strictly adheres to justice as a criterion for action, is determined to devote its best efforts to combating terrorism.
On 22 June 2003, the French police raided the headquarters of the MKO in Paris, located northwest of the city.
The MKO accused the French authorities of carrying out this operation as part of an agreement with the Iranian Government.
The Iranian Government denies this.
Seventeen members of the MKO are currently under judicial investigation for alleged association with a terrorist organization and for providing financial assistance for terrorist activities.
More than 10 MKO strongholds in France were banned and 160 members of the organization were initially imprisoned.
The police raid uncovered a street map of Paris with the location of the U.S. Embassy and seized bulletproof jackets, transmission equipment, more than 200 computers and $9 million in cash.
The MKO is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States, the European Union and Iran.
Founded in the 1960s by a group of university-educated Iranian youth, the MKO is considered an Islamic leftist organization.
The MKO carried out a number of terrorist attacks inside Iran in the 1970s, killing a number of American servicemen involved in defense projects in Tehran as well as civilians.
The MKO began as part of the Grand Coalition Front in support of the Iranian Revolution and later participated in the takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979.
The MKO has since parted ways with the Iranian government and has established a number of military bases in Iraq and several political bases in Europe since the 1980s.
In recent years, the MKO has claimed responsibility for the assassination of several figures of the Iranian regime.
These assassinations included the August 1998 assassination of Asodallah Rajfadi, the former warden of Tehran's Evin Prison, and the April 1999 assassination of the former Commander-in-Chief of the Iranian Army, Ali Sayyad Ziraqi.
2003-07-09
Australia (AU)
International; arms; government; leaders
Despite pressure from the United States and concerns about the Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI), Australian Prime Minister Howard remains hesitant to use military force to intercept North Korean vessels suspected of smuggling drugs or weapons.
The Australian Government is currently hesitant to use military force to intercept Democratic People's Republic of Korea vessels suspected of arms or drug smuggling.
On July 9, 2003, Australian Prime Minister Howard was quoted by the Australian Associated Press (AFP) as saying that the Australian government was not considering the use of military force at this stage.
Howard said that the Australian Government was considering appropriate ways and means of responding to this major issue, and that it had to be careful in its choice of descriptors, as it was dealing with a difficult issue and with a country that had not implemented the relevant conventions.
Howard said he would discuss the matter with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun on July 14, 2003, during a visit to East Asia.
The United States Government has just recently formed the Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI), an 11-member organization.
The PSI organization met on 9 July 2003 in Brisbane.
Member States of the Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI) are considering measures to interdict ships or aircraft suspected of transporting weapons of mass destruction.
The United States Government has reportedly advised the Australian military to become involved in operations to stop the transportation of arms by a number of countries on the high seas and in Australian territorial waters.
2003-11-07
South Africa (ZA); Brazil (BR); India (IN)
International; political
Brazilian President Lula arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, on November 7, 2003, where he was scheduled to hold bilateral political and economic consultations with South African President Thabo Mbeki on the 8th.
The South African News Syndicate reported on Nov. 8 that Brazilian President Lula arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, on the evening of Nov. 7 to prepare for bilateral political and economic consultations with South African President Thabo Mbeki on the morning of the 8th.
The venue for the talks between the two sides was Pretoria, South Africa.
Ms. Pillay, South Africa's foreign affairs spokeswoman, said President Lula's plane arrived at Waterkloof Air Force Base shortly after 17:30 GMT.
President Lula's visit to South Africa follows the second meeting of the South African-Brazilian Joint Commission, held in May 2003 in Pretoria, at a high level.
The Joint Commission is co-chaired by South African Foreign Minister Dlamini Zuma and Brazilian Foreign Minister Amorim.
Dlamini Zuma attended the Brazil-South Africa Forum held in June 2003 in Fortaleza, Brazil.
The Ministry of External Affairs of South Africa said that the Brazil-Africa Forum had resulted in the historic and strategic India-Brazil-South Africa (IBSA) tripartite agreement, thus providing a blueprint for multilateral political and economic cooperation among India, Brazil and South Africa.
India, Brazil and South Africa were on the same side in the recent World Trade Organization negotiations, jointly advocating support for the development agenda of less developed countries.
The South African Department of Foreign Affairs has stated that Brazil has the largest Afro-descendant population outside the African continent and that relations between South Africa and Brazil are therefore of strategic importance.
South Africa and Brazil exchanged views on a range of international topics, including the importance of multilateralism and the expansion of the United Nations Security Council, according to the South African Department of Foreign Affairs.
Discussions between Lula and Mbeki will address the issue of new international security threats, such as terrorism, drugs, illicit arms trafficking and AIDS.
The South African Department of Foreign Affairs said Brazil is South Africa's largest trading partner in Latin America.
In 2002, total trade between Brazil and South Africa amounted to US$ 696 million, of which US$ 296 million of the trade balance went to Brazil.
The South African Ministry of Foreign Affairs has indicated that the South African delegation will brief the Brazilian leader on recent developments in its relations with the AU and on recent progress in the establishment of a new partnership organization aimed at promoting African development.
2004-04-03
Russia (RU)
International; government; technology; military; space; leaders
French President Jacques Chirac visited the top-secret Titov Test and Control Space Center in Krasnoznamensk, Russia, becoming the first Western leader to do so.
On April 3, 2004, French President Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit the top-secret Titov Test and Control Space Center.
Chirac flew into Krasnoznamensk the same day to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the space center.
Putin and Russian Defense Minister Ivanov held a welcoming ceremony for Chirac at the space center, which is located forty kilometers southwest of Moscow in Krasnoznamensk.
The military heavyweight center, which was built in 1957 during the Soviet era to collect and analyze information data from Russian military spy satellites, has now been closed.
The space center is also involved in launching intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) and undertaking development programs for defense early warning systems.
Putin and Chirac held a two-hour meeting here.
Lt. Gen. Popovkin, commander-in-chief of the Russian Space Force, briefed Chirac and Putin and said that expanding space cooperation with France is a priority for Russia.
France is one of the leading countries of the European Space Agency.
President Chirac's visit comes at a time when the Russian government is showing concern over the recent expansion of NATO into Russia's border regions and the dramatic expansion of the European Union in Eastern Europe, which was formerly under Soviet influence.
At a press conference after the meeting, Putin said that Russia's activities in defense of national security are non-offensive and not directed against any country.
The Titov Space Center is a military site, controlled by the Russian Space Forces, and security is quite tight.
Putin said inviting Chirac to visit the site shows that Russia is developing state-of-the-art weapons systems but at the same time feels it can make its French partners aware of these programs.
Putin emphasized that this shows that Russia is transparent and open on security issues.
2004-04-07
Philippines (PH)
International; terrorism; media
Records of the Philippine Bureau of Immigration indicate that the two high-level suspected terrorists are likely to be in the Philippines.
The ABS-CBN news channel reported on April 7, 2004, that records of the Philippine Bureau of Immigration indicate that at least two high-level suspected terrorists are likely to be in the Philippines.
The ABS-CBN news channel said one of the two suspects has been identified as Isamuddin Hanbali.
Hambari was allegedly behind the 2002 Bali bombings.
Records of the Philippine Bureau of Immigration (BI) show that Hanbali had been authorized to enter and leave the Philippines in 2001.
Hanbali has been blacklisted as Asia's most wanted terrorist.
Hanbali was previously arrested in Thailand in February 2004 and 2007, respectively.
The Philippine Bureau of Immigration (BI) said they also received information only recently that Hambari had an entry and exit record in the country.
Bin Laden's brother, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, is also recorded as having traveled in and out of the Philippines several times.
Sheikh Mohammed is allegedly financing terrorist networks in the Philippines.
During Holy Week, which began on April 5, 2004, both the military and the police were on high alert.
Police captured six suspected Abu Sayyaf militants in multiple raids in Metro Manila last week.
The plot to carry out a terrorist attack, allegedly as destructive as the Madrid bombings in Spain, has collapsed with the arrest of the suspects.
In a statement on 7 April 2004, Philippine President Alo said that the Government is keeping a close watch on foreigners who are currently staying in the country and teaching local rebels and terrorists bomb-making methods or laundering money from Al-Qaida terrorist groups.
ABS-CBN News Channel is a local television station in Manila.
2004-04-29
China (CN); Germany (DE)
International; governmental; technical; political; economic
Chinese Premier discusses plans for extensive cooperation with key trading partner Germany ahead of his visit to Europe.
Wen said the main purpose of his trip to Germany is to promote economic and trade exchanges and technology exchanges.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said in an exclusive interview with journalist Dieter Stolte on April 29, 2004, that the governments of China and Germany should establish a solid cooperative relationship, strengthen consultations on major international affairs, and further enhance trade and technology exchanges.
Wen Jiabao was interviewed by the German newspaper Die Welt ahead of his upcoming visit to Europe.
Wen Jiabao will begin his visit to five European countries on May 2, 2004, including Germany.
Wen said the Chinese people are very familiar with Germany, especially because of Marx's profound influence on China's revolution and economic construction.
Many world-renowned thinkers, writers, philosophers and artists are German, Wen said.
Wen said Gottfried Leibniz, a pioneer of German classical philosophy, credited China's Confucius thought with influencing the Enlightenment in 18th-century Germany.
Wen said the purpose of the visit to Germany is to promote economic and trade exchanges and technology exchanges.
The Governments of China and Germany are expected to further strengthen their cooperation in this regard.
Wen Jiabao referred to his brief visit to Frankfurt during his visit to the Nordic countries in 1988 and said the Sino-German friendship was sincere, positive and fruitful.
Wen Jiabao pledged to establish goals for the development of Sino-German relations, saying that mutual trust is the foundation of bilateral relations.
Trade between China and Germany reached 41.8 billion U.S. dollars, accounting for one-third of the total trade between China and Europe, Wen said.
Wen Jiabao said both China-Germany and China-Europe trade is expected to double by 2010.
Wen said the Chinese and German governments plan to cooperate closely in high-tech research and development and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Wen said it was important to create settlement channels for resolving trade disputes between the two countries, and that China and Germany should focus on each other's concerns.
China counts Germany as its most important trading partner in Europe.
In support of this view, Wen pointed out that of the 7,000 Chinese companies that have invested internationally, 600 have settled in Germany.
Wen said the Chinese government will support Chinese companies investing in Germany in terms of loans, insurance, foreign exchange, finance and investment.
Chinese investment in Germany is much smaller than German investment in China, as Chinese investment in this area has only recently begun.
Wen said Germany has invested in more than 3,500 projects in China with a total investment of nearly 10 billion U.S. dollars.
German companies such as Volkswagen, Siemens and DaimlerChrysler enjoy a reputation for high quality and efficiency.
Chinese companies can make progress and learn modern management by working with German partners, Wen said.
Wen said Germany is China's closest European partner in terms of technology transfer.
Wen said China considers Sino-European relations as one of the important components of China's diplomatic strategy, and in 2003 China and Europe established a comprehensive strategic partnership.
Wen said he was optimistic that the European Union would soon lift its arms embargo against China and grant China market economy status.
Wen Jiabao said the arms embargo was a product of the cold war era and is now out of date.
China is deeply concerned about the current situation in Iraq and sympathizes with the Iraqi people, Wen said.
Wen Jiabao said China and Europe hold similar positions on the reconstruction of Iraq.
Wen said the United Nations should play a leading role in Iraq's reconstruction process and every country should be involved.
Wen Jiabao said China is willing to participate in Iraq's reconstruction efforts.
Wen Jiabao said that wars are easy to win, but peace is hard to maintain.
Wen Jiabao said he was deeply concerned about the growing tension between Palestine and Israel, and that his Government hoped that the dispute between the two countries would be resolved through political negotiations, in the hope that the two countries could coexist peacefully.
With regard to the situation in Palestine and Israel, Wen Jiabao said that the relevant United Nations resolutions must be implemented.
Wen said the Chinese government supports the Middle East peace plan and firmly opposes violent retaliation.
Asked how to cool down China's fast-growing economy and how to achieve balanced growth, Wen said China's economy in general has maintained a healthy and rapid growth trend, with increased profits for enterprises, higher agricultural output, increased foreign trade, and rapid growth in fiscal revenues and personal incomes.
In order to limit the excessive construction of infrastructure, which could cause capital prices to rise and tighten the supply of coal, electricity, petroleum and transportation, the Chinese Government would step up its macroeconomic regulation and take all necessary administrative measures.
Wen said the Chinese government will control loans and land supply and push forward reforms to address the structural and systemic causes of current economic problems.
On the issue of social balance, Wen said China's new leadership has begun to address the issue of urban and rural development and coordination between regions, focusing on balancing economic growth with social progress, domestic construction with foreign projects, and development with respect for nature.
Asked to comment on German Federal Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's promise to sell Hanau's nuclear fuel to China, Wen said Sino-German cooperation in this area is entirely for the peaceful use of nuclear energy on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
2004-09-22
China (CN); Kyrgyzstan (KG)
International; government; crime; dissent; terrorism
China and Kyrgyzstan have reached a consensus on the commitment of the two countries to work together to combat terrorism and other threats and to maintain security in the region and globally.
China and Djibouti have reached a consensus in the joint communiqué that terrorism, separatism and extremism continue to pose a major threat to regional security and stability.
The communiqué was signed on September 22, 2004 by visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Kyrgyz Prime Minister N. Tanaev.
The communiqué states that the relevant authorities of the two countries will strengthen coordination and cooperation in accordance with the provisions of the Shanghai Convention on Combating Terrorism, Separatism and Extremism and the Agreement between the People's Republic of China and the Kyrgyz Republic on Cooperation in Combating Terrorism, Separatism and Extremism.
The communiqué added that China and Kyrgyzstan will continue to take vigorous measures within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to jointly combat all forms of terrorism, separatism and extremism and to maintain peace and tranquillity in the two countries and the region.
The parties believe that the fight against the terrorist forces of the "East Turkistan" is an important component of the international fight against terrorism.
The so-called East Turkistan terrorist groups include a number of terrorist organizations engaged in secessionist activities.
The communiqué said that China and Kyrgyzstan agreed to strengthen consultations and cooperation on issues of mutual interest within the framework of the United Nations and other international organizations.
In their joint communiqué, China and Djibouti stated that a peaceful, stable, just and rational new international political and economic order should be established on the basis of the Charter of the United Nations and the universally recognized norms of international law.
China and Djibouti also believe in the peaceful settlement of international disputes, the leading role of the United Nations in the maintenance of world peace and security, and the promotion of the diversification of development models.
In the communiqué, China, Kyrgyzstan and Kyrgyzstan further noted that the purposes and principles of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization meet the needs of development in today's world and that its activities are conducive to the maintenance of regional security and stability.
The joint communiqué said that China and Kyrgyzstan are ready to cooperate with other SCO member States in taking effective measures to combat terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal migration and other transnational criminal activities.
China and Kyrgyzstan will also expand cooperation with other SCO member states in economic and other fields, promote the establishment of contacts and cooperation between the SCO and other international organizations and countries, and enhance the organization's influence in the region and international affairs, the joint communiqué said.
2004-10-09
Viet Nam (VN); Germany (DE)
International; Government; Technology; Politics; Economy; Money; Leaders
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder met with Vietnamese government leaders after attending the 5th Asia-Europe Summit in Hanoi.
Germany and Vietnam signed five agreements on cooperation in the financial, technological and commercial fields with a total value of more than $260 million.
According to media reports, on October 10, 2004, Germany and Vietnam expressed their intention to further develop their relations in the fields of investment, trade and technology and to give each other support in United Nations affairs.
On October 8-9, 2004, German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder attended the 5th Asia-Europe Summit in Hanoi.
During his separate talks and meeting with Schroeder on October 9, the Vietnamese leader expressed his government's support for the German government's quest for a permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) and its desire to strengthen Vietnam-Germany relations.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Phan Van Khai said Schroeder's visit is an important point in Vietnam-Germany relations and is conducive to building closer ties between the two countries.
Vietnam and Germany signed five agreements on cooperation in the financial, technological and commercial fields with a total value of more than $260 million.
This included financial cooperation in two phases between 2003 and 2005, the purchase of 16 train locomotives by Viet Nam Railways and the procurement of equipment by local cement factories.
During his talks with Schroeder, State President Tran Duc Luong said that Vietnam is now in the stage of industrialization and the Vietnamese government wants to get more technology transfer and experience from Germany.
Schroeder said the German government attaches importance to Vietnam and wants to strengthen bilateral ties.
The German government supports the Vietnamese government's candidacy for a non-permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council for the 2008-2009 term, and encourages German small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to engage in business cooperation with Vietnam.
Between 1990 and 2003, the German Government provided the Vietnamese Government with official development assistance (ODA) funds totaling more than $480 million, mainly for poverty alleviation, agricultural development, health care and economic reform.
In 2003, total trade between Vietnam and Germany increased by 7.7% to $1.4 billion, of which Vietnam's exports amounted to $815.4 million.
2004-12-19
Hong Kong (HK); China (CN)
Technology; International
A number of universities in Hong Kong have collaborated with universities, enterprises and government departments in mainland China to collaborate on training programmes and the construction of research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization and technology transfer.
In 2004, Hong Kong's tertiary institutions actively promoted the relationship between Hong Kong and Mainland China in the area of high technology R&D.
A number of universities in Hong Kong collaborate with higher education, business and government departments in mainland China to collaborate on training programmes and the construction of research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization and technology transfer.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) officially moved into the Shenzhen Virtual University Park (SVUP) in June 2004, becoming the first Hong Kong university to set up a research center and training institute in mainland China.
The President of PolyU, Mr. Poon Chung-kwong, said that both public and private institutions in Hong Kong are strengthening their ties with mainland China in different areas.
Mr. Poon Chung-kwong said the cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland China will help the university to more effectively promote technology transfer and human resource development in the mainland, bringing positive results to both places.
The City University of Hong Kong (CityU) and the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) signed an agreement in June 2004 to establish a high-level joint research center in Suzhou.
The University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) is a university created by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
The agreement is based on the principles of mutually beneficial cooperation and complementarity, and the two universities will cooperate in joint research projects, the training and teaching of research students and the management of professional training opportunities.
Apart from co-operating with mainland educational institutions, universities in Hong Kong also participate in large-scale high-tech exchange programmes on the Mainland to enhance exchanges between the two places in specialized fields.
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) presented its latest research and development results at the 6th China International Hi-Tech Fair (Hi-Tech Fair) held in October 2004 in Shenzhen.
HKUST showcased more than 30 new technologies and products covering a wide range of technologies such as nanotechnology, multimedia, logistics and RFID technology, advanced manufacturing and biotechnology.
HKUST has also collaborated with a leading mainland manufacturer to develop high-capacity lithium batteries made of nanomaterials.
This is the latest in a series of technology transfer agreements that KU has entered into.
KU President Zhu Jingwu said:
HKUST is investing more funds in research into new technologies needed by industries in the Pearl River Delta.
HKUST will continue to capitalize on its extensive relationships with international research institutions and multinational corporations to enhance the development of advanced technologies that can be put to immediate practical use on the mainland.
I am 24 years old and have two children, a 2 year old and a half year old.
My relationship with my baby's father fell apart last August.
I wanted to go on a date with someone else and the baby's father threatened that if I did that he would have nothing to do with my son.
He's also possessive and controlling, but after all, we're not together anymore, so he has no right to demand that of me.
He's facing so many issues at the moment that he thinks we can still get back together, even though I've told him many times that I don't love him anymore and he doesn't love me.
I want him to do his fatherly duty and I want him not to come to me.
But he couldn't do it, his family didn't get along with him, each had their own problems.
I don't want to live this life of misery anymore, and the longer he stays around me, the more miserable I get.
I don't want him to be missing inside my son's life because he is a good father, or one could say that he is at least trying his best to be a good father.
I think every child needs both parents, whether they live together or not.
But he thinks that if he can't have me, no one else can.
What can I do to live my own life?
Your ex using your son to threaten you ...... egregious, just egregious.
You can't give in to him or the problem will get worse.
You have the right to live the happy life you want for yourself, so you can't give in to his threats.
If he really loved his son he would still visit him, but that's just the usual excuse for people like him.
Others will say something similar, "If you leave me, I'll kill myself." ...... You know what I mean?
Go on a date.
Go meet with different types of people.
Go do what you want to do.
If the cost of this is that he automatically withdraws from both of your lives, you may be better off without him.
I agree - the other thing is that it's none of his business whether you date or not.
I'll keep it from him.
Not because of his threats, but because it's your private life and has nothing to do with him.
Can you document his threats?
You're supposed to do that.
Don't answer his calls and take direct transfer messages.
Make it so he can only contact you by email or text.
Retain these records.
Hire a lawyer and get a divorce.
If you can't afford a lawyer, try seeking legal assistance.
Go tell your ex to go through an attorney before he can contact you.
Bus drivers want just the right amount of change, counter people want just the right amount of change, delivery boys want just the right amount of change ......
Don't they realize you didn't get a lot of change from the bank.
And some people in some places can't be choosy and have to come in change and whole money?
People are becoming lazier and lazier.
Just as I don't like to count coins all day, I do like to collect bills with a face value as close to the amount due as possible.
Taking out 20 British pounds on a bus and the driver letting himself settle for change because they're lazy.
There are certain amounts that would be illegal to pay in large amounts of coins, for example, if you need to make a payment of 1 pound, the most you can pay in coins is around 30p.
Hi everyone, I started college in September, and obviously like most people, I didn't adjust very quickly.
However, I know it will just take me some time to get used to it as I have always been introverted, shy and extra anxious.
My first night in college, I went out with my roommates and it was the biggest headache I've ever had.
I walked into the SU bar alone with a clear head.
Talking about it is a bit of a tangent; now I'm going to say some facts:
- It's been five months since I started college, and I can't even enjoy it; I'm not a fan of the classes at all, I have no interest in the lab apparatus, and I don't like the way the classes are conducted.
One day you'll realize that college is actually still good.
- The first semester got off to a bad start; student financial aid was delayed, adding to my mental stress, I was worried that I wasn't going to be able to catch up, and in the end, the academic tasks piled up into a mountain.
- The school assigned me to a counselor; I underwent about 5 to 6 months of counseling (closed), which, I have to be honest, didn't do much because I never fully opened up to her.
Only half-open your heart.
- Now, with my academic commitments piling up to my neck and the big deadline for handing in assignments looming, I'm overwhelmed and these anxieties make me feel miserable all day long.
Don't see a counselor again because you can only take so many detachment sessions at a time, and since counseling like this didn't work before, I doubt the next one will help you much.
- I lacked motivation and felt uncomfortable with any of my classes, I felt like giving up but I couldn't because if I did I wouldn't be able to get a good job in the future and I wanted to get ahead.
- I'd rather die if I didn't get an education; but I want to live the life I want (dropping out will only make the problem worse).
- I'm 21 now (soon to be 22) and there's no time to waste, I have to do something.
I didn't get into college before and then did a different course to get into college, so I don't want to have to go through that again or keep failing.
Would someone be so kind as to give me some advice?
Go to the doctor, or see if there's a way you can get an extension on your homework and see if that takes some of the pressure off of you?
Send an email to your tutor with content similar to this post (don't worry, they've seen it all before, and I know of a few more serious cases that they've taken on board, as I've worked in university administration), and they'll think about taking a bit of the pressure off you.
Break down your assignment into manageable parts.
Focus on one section at a time (prioritizing the assignments that are due first, of course).
Don't isolate yourself from your roommate, start now, try something new and keep doing it!
I would also suggest you see a doctor.
If you've always been an anxious person, it might be better to spill your guts to someone (my friend was treated on the NHS for anxiety, so it's a really normal thing to do).
Try to see if you can apply for an extension to turn in your homework, I'm sure the school will agree if you're honest about it.
Being strong and trying to live all the time isn't easy.
My mom is getting divorced, she got along horribly with my stepdad, and the freedom she now has makes her instantly irritable.
She has epileptic bipolar disorder and can't control her anger.
I've always been afraid of her.
At home, I couldn't tolerate her anger and those vile words.
I'm 18 years old and I'm in 6th grade at a private high school where there is more pressure (95% on scholarships) and I'm on the verge of breaking down right now.
I couldn't do my homework at home because my mom would yell at me.
And then my teacher gets mad at me.
One minute, she's nice to me, like she's got that childhood loving mother feeling back, but the next minute, she could be the most horrible person ever.
There is a chance that I may not pass my A2 exams, and I am ready to accept the outcome that this year of my life will be doomed to failure.
Maybe I'll be able to start over, who knows? I already have some pre-approvals in hand from top universities, but I'm afraid to accept them because my grades will definitely not pass muster.
I wish she would disappear from my life, then things would be so much better.
But then, I thought I was being too selfish.
But is that all my life is going to be?
It should have been a little better. But
It's me who feels that there's nothing I can do to control the current trend of getting worse and worse.
I don't know what to do.
Thanks for reading.
Letting that out will work.
You can't separate her from your life.
Does she have a history or diagnosis of mental illness?
You can't be sure that you will not get good grades, so accept your current situation if you can.
Life keeps throwing cold water on you.
If it's not your family, it's an outsider.
I was yelled at by my dad for a solid eight years before I went to college, and frankly, the only reason I came here was because it was the only way out.
Make an effort if you really want to come out of this.
It sounds like you need someone else's support if your mom can't give you consistent support.
Can you call a child helpline or seek similar help?
You can go to the library on the weekends and study there for a good 8 hours.
Can you go to one of your friends' houses and form a study group together?
Because your mom is a scar on your heart and you blame her for all your problems. So you want to get rid of her.
I know how you feel.
My mom is quite the tosser too.
I strongly suggest you smoke some cigarettes.
Grow up and stop complaining because it will just be a joke!
I've seriously thought back over the past year or two, and in an effort to make friends inside college, I've become a rather wimpy, and characterless person.
But being too friendly to others only makes them think that they can say and do anything excessive to me ......
They don't respect me at all.
For example, I say hello to people inside the school and they ignore me, but then 30 minutes later, when they need help with their homework, they come over to me again ...... I still reach out.
These made me angry and bitter and started to affect my focus inside college too.
Does anyone have any experience dealing with these types of issues or what can be done to regain their respect?
To say no to them.
If it's not something that makes you feel particularly uncomfortable, take your time.
You can start by saying, "No, sorry, I'm not available right now."
Of course, don't reject it so decisively as to go to the other extreme.
If you have it in your heart to say no, you might as well say so.
When they begin to realize that you will not be at their mercy, they will begin to respect you.
Well, it's really a bad way to treat people, of course if you're friendly you can be respected, but you can't let them do whatever they want because that's not being friendly, that's being stupid.
I don't know if anyone will read this, but I feel desperate and I want to talk to someone about it.
This September, I left home to go to college. I was anxious about going to college, but I didn't think about it until I started school! Now, I've been inside college for two weeks and I feel like I'm falling apart, I feel like I'm not smart enough and numb and unsociable.
I lost my dad when I was about nine years old and have always seen that as the root cause of my mental problems, which I have struggled with most of my life since middle school. I have been to a counselor twice, from December 2009 to March this year, for about 15 months.
In the present moment, I felt like the problems in my life were about to destroy me, making me doubt myself even more when I already had low self-esteem. I wasn't able to focus on my work and often found myself becoming very quiet in social situations, doubting everything about myself.
Neither of the two counselors I've been to have diagnosed me as suffering from depression, and they both told me that I showed no signs of depression, but I'm just so worried about it because my dad died from the exact cause of depression, he died by suicide.
I've tried a lot of things and have found that exercise and silent meditation work especially well, and I've read some self-improvement books and listened to tapes on the subject. But my overall feeling is, "Is this my life? This is my one chance to survive on earth, this is my one chance as a young person, and I'm wasting my life!" These feelings were knocking me down one step at a time.
I just don't know what to do, and when I remember to do something, I have a hard time sticking to it. My friends always tell me I'm lazy and a lot of times I can't argue with that. I feel like everyone can help me and they do try to come to my aid, but I always fail over and over again.
I'm sorry to make you guys listen to this drivel, I feel like a willful whiner, but I'm really feeling desperate.
When people are faced with new situations, interacting with strangers and starting a new life, for example, becoming a college student, they inevitably become nervous.
I'm not a health professional, so I can only speak from the personal experience side of things, and I highly recommend that you see a qualified health professional and tell him how you feel and your concerns about depression.
Most people start college feeling like they're not smart enough for others and acting awkward, and you're certainly not the only one in this position. But I would honestly recommend that you make an appointment with a school counseling service. The point is not that someone else is telling you whether or not you're depressed, but that in the moment, it's obvious that you have some issues and you're able to move to get some help, and that the label of the illness doesn't matter, it's your own experience that counts. Meditation and exercise can really help, so definitely try them. However, you should get some help and commit to life, don't give up on yourself just because you're not motivated in the moment, a lot of people feel this way and hopefully when you feel like you're starting to get better, these feelings will cease to exist. Being bad to yourself will only make you feel worse, so be good to yourself, and also, go get help.
Good luck.
I think a lot of people feel like you do, but they look to their friends as good medicine. It may not be as effective a solution, but it's definitely better to have a friend around when you're feeling down than to be alone and gloomy on your own. Whatever works, it works, and if you like to talk, go ahead and have a nice chat.
If I were you, I'd find myself an idol. If I were you, I would find myself an idol. Someone who inspires you (you don't have to want to be like them, but you look up to and respect them). For example, someone who had family tension, but eventually made it big and has a happy family and marriage, etc.
Focus on what you want to achieve in life. You haven't said anything about your major of study yet, or why you chose it? Was it because you wanted that experience? Was it because your mom wanted you to study it? Or was it because you needed a diploma to knock on the door of a dream job?
Whichever reason it is, take stock of why you want to go to college and try to get out of the doldrums and go get the best grades you can, because once you get your diploma, you'll be able to say to yourself, "I didn't fail, academics weren't easy, but I passed victoriously."
X
I hope this will help you.
I'm not an autistic person (it was diagnosed along with dyspraxia, but I think he misdiagnosed it), but I almost always walk on my toes.
It's more comfortable for me.
The walking style seems random and not predictive, so on what basis did they decide that walking on their toes was a sign of autism?
I may have some autistic aspects, but who doesn't have one or two of those?
You guys know what I mean.
Walking on your toes may be a symptom of autism.
Headaches can be a symptom of a brain tumor.
Feeling tired often may be a symptom of leukemia.
However, symptoms don't necessarily mean illness, they just show up inside most cases (obviously, in this case, that's illness). It deserves attention, otherwise there is no way to diagnose it.
I used to walk on my toes, but that was because I had a bit of a bent toe, which I had surgically corrected two years ago.
My brother has autism but I don't notice him walking on his toes, but autism manifests itself in a very wide range of ways, and I may have mild Asperger's Syndrome myself as I have problems with communication and am a bit behind in social responses and body language.
However, I wasn't properly diagnosed and there are even some symptoms that may not mean you have a certain problem.
Since being asked not to walk on my toes, I've cut down on that walking position.
I have dyspraxia.
So maybe you have dyskinesia or short tendons.
Those who dance, do gymnastics or ballet have this same problem, so I feel more at peace with myself now. = P
I wouldn't read too much into random "symptoms" like that.
Hi, I'm a 12 year old girl (turning 13 in two days) and I have a problem with self-harm addiction.
When I was 7 years old, I cut every finger with scissors, and from that day on, I couldn't stop.
This symptom is getting worse, and on my leg, there is a scar where I carved my ex-boyfriend's name into it with a stapler, and I won't stop cutting until the blood is out.
I've got a couple of bad cuts on my arms.
When it healed, I cut new wounds with a razor and a stapler I grabbed from school.
If I can't find something to cut and scratch with, I swallow about 5 tablets of paracetamol and other medication to vodka.
As I'm writing these words, I'm having the urge to cut my arm or burn myself, literally.
I was addicted, and every time the wound healed, I would start scratching down new wounds.
I think about self-harm every day.
I'm only 12, but I'm already bored with my life.
The reason for the self-harm was that when I was seven, my dad left and he didn't want to recognize me anymore.
He only had eyes for his new daughter, his new wife, his new life, and I, for one, was not who he wanted.
When I was 10, my best friend died.
I was once in a relationship with a 16 year old boy and because of what happened and the age gap, the adults wouldn't allow me to talk to him.
My mom suffers from depressive manic depression and I have depression.
I don't want to stop.
I don't care how I hurt myself, I want to torture myself over and over again and I hate myself.
But my best friend, I love him so much, so deeply, he means the world to me, anything I do, he follows.
I didn't tell him, but he knows.
I don't want to hurt him. I don't want him to hurt himself.
What do I do?
Thank you for reading my words.
Are you currently taking medication or receiving treatment?
Speak to the school nurse or GP and tell them what's going on and it should be fine.
If there is a teacher at school you trust, you can tell him/her.
If you tell someone, they will be able to help you.
If you keep everything deep in your heart, the problem will only get worse.
Believe me, it's better to deal with the problem as early as possible and not let it get worse.
Please don't do this.
I'm 17 years old and I've been self-harming since last year, mainly cutting my arms, but since the last few months I've stopped doing that.
It's not easy, but you can do it.
I feel happier than I ever have. Whenever I see these scars, they remind me of how I felt then, and how I felt so strongly then that I actually wanted to do that to myself!
Well, along with the willpower, you can do it. I've found that writing poetry and keeping a journal saves me from myself.
Self-harm is addictive, but you can get over it.
Remember, your self-harming behavior does not define who you are.
You can get over it.
I think I suffer from some form of OCD because in the last year I've noticed that whenever I leave the house, especially when I go to college, I keep checking my belongings to make sure I haven't left anything behind.
I usually have to check it twice each time, however after 30 seconds I can't help but check it again!
Why is that?
Am I going crazy or what?
This is especially true when I carry a lot of stuff. But there aren't many times like that, even when I keep checking every day. Is this some sort of OCD?
What can I do about it?
If I don't check, I get very, very anxious, and the feeling lasts for 15 to 30 minutes and then goes away, but usually the anxiety intensity is too strong for me to wait that long.
I feel like I've lost my wallet or my phone, and then I get a feeling of pessimism and disappointment.
I just wish I could leave the house without starting to worry about dropping or losing something every two minutes.
I really don't know what to do and I'm scared to go to the GP.
They've probably never heard of OCD like this, and I don't know what to do about it.
Do any of you have similar "habits"?
People will think I'm crazy, but it sure is hard to get out of it.
Can you guys give me any advice?
I usually do this when I go to college, I carry a list of items that I know I have with me, but I can't help but check them from time to time on the bus.
My anxiety is much worse now, and I think it's a warning sign, so I'd try to kick the habit while it's still relatively early - definitely go to the doctor, and also tell yourself not to keep checking things (easy to say hard to do, I know).
Doctors have definitely seen more serious cases, so there's no need to worry!
I learned about OCD in psychology today. : P
In order to get rid of OCD, avoiding compulsive behaviors is the way to go, so instead of checking to see if you've forgotten something, simply leave it alone ( : )
Although your anxiety level will increase for a while, it will eventually come down; so, over time, your OCD will likely go away ( : )
To me, it feels like you're a little over-anxious, but that's not really a terrible OCD.
I'm so compulsive that I have to get out of bed 20 times a night to check that the doors and windows in my house are locked in a particular way.
Sometimes, even though I know that every lock is locked, I still prefer to believe that it isn't.
I guess it's really becoming a problem because such compulsive habits have really started to disrupt my daily life.
You're definitely not crazy, so don't worry, your GP will understand your problem, I'm pretty sure of that.
I went to therapy (for other reasons) and they encouraged me to check in a couple of times, but significantly less than 20, to stick with it, and slowly reduce it.
I think it would imply to me that if I only need to be checked 5 or 20 times, I should be okay, nothing serious.
So far, I've been much better, and I'm sure anyone who wants to improve their problem will be able to do so.
Usually, I'm pretty calm about things and have a take-it-or-leave-it attitude.
However, over the last month or two, I've found myself becoming anxious, and I'm not talking about feelings of sadness caused by nervousness.
I started to panic for no reason about all sorts of things that wouldn't have worried me too much before, and even less that I would have cared about, and now these questions were haunting me like someone was ringing alarm bells.
I'm not sure if this was caused by a lifestyle change (from carefree student to unemployed graduate) or a sign of other issues, but it started to bother me and affect my confidence and happiness.
I've spoken to a few people about this, including my parents, but all of them are of the opinion that I'm going through a period of disorder and that I shouldn't jump into action until I can figure out if this is a serious problem.
So, I'm wondering, what's the best thing to do?
Tell your doctor about the problem and see if some anti-anxiety medication can help get rid of it?
Take a look. Can I talk to a counselor?
Or should I take the advice of those around me and just keep an eye on these anxieties until they come to the forefront as a problem?
Well, I don't try to notice my anxiety all the time because that makes me nervous and feel more and more panicked (it's a dead end cycle).
Once you start to feel a little panicky about anything, try to focus on something that makes you open up and laugh or feel happy.
Or, if you can't do that, find a friend and cheer yourself up when you're feeling panicky (this works for me, and I'm currently suffering from some panic attacks that come up all the time).
I'm starting to have this problem as well, I'm starting to get real panic attacks over trivial things, though not to the same extent as yours.
What I find effective is to tell someone about the issues that are causing you to panic.
Maybe not in a whiny way, but I find that after talking to my mom about these issues that worry me, seeing her calm down (and I should react that way) makes me feel better because I know it's not a big deal and I don't need to feel anxious about it.
However, if the problem becomes serious, yes, it's time to see a doctor.
I have a friend who suffers from severe anxiety and she can't get out and about and do things because she's so worried about all the things that could go wrong.
The doctor gave her medication and she took it and was much better.
BEIJING, Sept. 1 (Xinhua) -- By Yang Guojun
Liu Huaqing, Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), met today with Thai Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior Chavalit Yongchaiyut at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse. Liu Huaqing said China has focused on developing friendly and interactive relations with the Thai government, people and armed forces, especially economic and trade cooperation between the two countries.
Liu Huaqing said the people of China and Thailand have traditional friendship and relations between the two countries have always been friendly.
He said Deputy Prime Minister Chavalit's visit to China and the exchange of high-level visits between China and Thailand would be conducive to promoting the further development of relations between the two countries and their efficient cooperation in various fields.
Chavalit said he was very pleased to meet with Vice President Liu.
He said that in recent years, China's economy has accelerated and the Thai government and people are very happy about this.
He expressed agreement with Liu Huaqing that Thailand and China should further develop various forms of economic and trade cooperation.
(concluded)
Beijing, Sept. 1 (Xinhua)
Foreign Ministry Spokesman Shen Guofang announced at a press conference this afternoon that at the invitation of President Jiang Zemin, President of the Republic of Hungary Göncz-Arbad will pay a state visit to China from September 14th to 17th.
He also announced that at the invitation of Premier Li Peng, Prime Minister of the Gabonese Republic, Kassimio Oye Mouba, will pay an official friendship visit to China from September 6th to 11th.
At the invitation of Premier Li Peng, Prime Minister and First Vice President of the United Republic of Tanzania John Mashela will pay an official visit to China from September 9th to 13th.
(concluded)
BISHKEK, April 23 (Xinhua) -- By Club Mengjun and Hu Xiaoguang
The heads of the Chinese and Kyrgyz parties concerned signed six documents in Bishkek today.
The signing ceremony was attended by Premier Li Peng and Kyrgyz President Akayev.
The two sides signed six documents, including an agreement on the provision of government loans by China to Kyrgyzstan, an agreement on the establishment of the Sino-Kyrgyzstan Intergovernmental Commission for Economic and Trade Cooperation, an exchange of letters on the gift of materials from China to Kyrgyzstan, an agreement on cultural cooperation between the two Governments, an agreement on the exchange of certificates of ratification of consular treaties between the two countries, and an agreement on cooperation between the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT) and the Kyrgyzstan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (JCCI).
After the signing ceremony, Kyrgyz President Akayev and Premier Li Peng answered reporters' questions respectively.
Akayev spoke highly of the results of his talks with Li Peng.
He said Premier Li Peng's visit will promote peace, security and stability in Central Asia.
He believes that the document just signed is very important for the realization of good-neighborly relations and friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Premier Li Peng said the visit has enhanced mutual friendship and understanding and laid a good foundation for further cooperation between China and Kyrgyzstan.
He expressed the hope that the Central Asian region would develop steadily and that the living standards of its people would continue to rise.
Li Peng hoped the Kyrgyz news media would convey the greetings of the Chinese people to the Kyrgyz.
(concluded)
TOKYO, Sept. 1 (Xinhua) -- By Yu Yiguo
The Japanese delegation to the 6th Far East and South Pacific Games for Persons with Disabilities (FESPIC) held a grand swearing-in ceremony in Tokyo this afternoon.
A Japanese flag hangs high above the podium.
The athletes, coaches, doctors, nurses and officials of the delegation were seated neatly at the bottom of the podium.
The ceremony was filled with an atmosphere of confidence and eagerness to advance.
Mr. Sotani, Vice-Minister of National Welfare of Japan, delivered a "farewell speech" to the delegation.
The Far South Games is an international sporting event that attracts world attention, and Beijing is hosting the games on an unprecedented scale, Sungu said.
He hoped that all the athletes would "fully demonstrate their strength and skills from their daily training, because the athletes are representing Japan and they have to compete fairly with athletes from all countries."
Sotani emphasized that the Japanese delegation must take this opportunity to participate in the Beijing Far South Games to deepen its friendship with athletes from various countries and expand the scope of international friendship."
Sotani presented the flag of the Japanese delegation to the head of the delegation and the director of the Tokyo Comprehensive Sports Center for the Disabled.
This reporter sensed from this intense, organized, warm and serious swearing-in ceremony that the Japan Disabled Sports Team is a well-trained, disciplined team with a fighting spirit.
The Japanese delegation will fly to Beijing on the 2nd.
After attending the closing ceremony of the Games, they will continue to stay in Beijing for two more days to interact with the Chinese authorities and visit the city before returning to Japan on the 13th.
(concluded)
In the script of "Preparation of Mongolian athletes for the Far South Sports Conference" broadcast today, at the end of the third paragraph, the words "Lahagvasu, President of the Sports Association" should be replaced by the words "Lahagvasuran, President of the Sports Association". ".
Xinhua News Agency, Aug. 31 (Xinhua)
HANSUNG, Aug. 31 (Xinhua) -- By Tang Shuifu
The first Lotte Cup China-Korea Go Team Match was held today in Busan, the second largest city in South Korea.
In the first round of the tournament, the Chinese team defeated the South Korean team, which was stronger than themselves, with a score of 4:3.
In today's game, seven Go players from each side took the field to play against each other.
China's Nie Weiping (9 dan), Liu Xiaoguang (9 dan), Chang Hao (6 dan), and Cao Dayuan (9 dan) defeated South Korea's Choi Kyu-Byong (6 dan), Jang Soo-Young (9 dan), Seo Bong-soo (9 dan), and Lim Seon-Geun (8 dan), respectively.
Among them, Nie Weiping, Liu Xiaoguang and Chang Hao all beat their opponents in the middle game.
Cao Da Yuan won by seven and a half eyes.
China's Liu Jing (5th dan), Ma Xiaochun (9th dan) and Wang Jianhong (7th dan) were defeated by South Korea's Cao Xunhyun (9th dan), Lee Changho (7th dan) and Yoo Chang-hyuk (6th dan) respectively.
In one of them, Cao Xunhyun won in the middle game.
Lee Chang-ho and Yoo Chang-hyuk, on the other hand, won by six-and-a-half and seven-and-a-half-magnitude margins, respectively.
In a telephone interview with reporters, Wang Runan, head of the Chinese delegation, said that overall, the strength of the South Korean team is above that of the Chinese team.
However, the Chinese team played much better today and thus came out on top.
Our young player Chang Hao had a particularly strong day, beating Korea's Seo Bong Soo in the middle game.
Seo Bong-soo has previously won several world championships in international competitions.
Previously, he played nine games against Chinese Go players and won them all.
The Go teams of China and South Korea will move to Seoul on Sept. 1, and the second round of their match will begin on the 2nd at the Lotte Hotel.
According to the rules agreed upon by the two teams, if the total score of the two teams is tied at 7:7, the final result will depend on the outcome of the duel between China's Nie Weiping and South Korea's Cao Xunhyun.
The prize money for this contest is $100,000, with the winning side winning $70,000 and the losing side splitting $30,000.
(concluded)
ROME, Sept. 1 (Xinhua) -- By Yang Aiguo and Huang Changrui
The diving 1-meter board preliminaries of the 7th World Swimming Championships were contested this morning in Rome.
China's Lan Wei and Chen Sheng both qualified for the semifinals as expected.
In the preliminaries, 26-year-old Guangdong's Lan Wei skillfully took the top spot with a total score of 355.35 points.
19-year-old Hubei's Chen Sheng totaled 342.60 points, temporarily in sixth place.
Among the competitors, in second place for the time being, is the German athlete Paulizzo, with a total score of 355.02 points, slightly lower than Lanwei.
Zimbabwe's Siawan is temporarily in third place with a total of 354.39 points.
After the competition, the head coach of the Chinese diving team told our reporter: "Chen Sheng was a bit nervous today." "
He added: "Our athletes are not well adapted to competing in bright light." "
At home, they train mostly indoors.
It looks like we need to do more outdoor training."
He believes that this edition of the tournament has more new players from our country.
They also lack experience in international competitions.
The women's 10-meter platform diving preliminaries will be held this afternoon.
World and Olympic double champion Fu Mingxia and Hebei's Ji Bin, the World Cup winner, will join forces.
(concluded)
ROME, Sept. 1 (Xinhua) -- By Huang Changrui and Yang Aiguo
The 7th World Swimming Championships Women's 10-meter Platform Diving Preliminaries were held in Rome today, and China's Fu Mingxia and Ji Bin performed very well in the first six rounds, with entry into the repechage on the horizon.
At press time, Fu Mingxia and Ji Bin were temporarily in first and third place in the first six rounds, with total scores of 339.12 and 290.19, respectively.
If there are no surprises, there is little doubt that they will make it to the repechage.
In second place for the time being is Richard from the USA.
Her score was 303.00.
In the men's 1-meter platform diving competition held this morning, our players Lan Wei and Chen Sheng have both qualified for the repechage.
The results of today's preliminary women's water polo matches were: Hungary beat Canada 13:7, France narrowly defeated Brazil 10:9, Australia beat Germany 10:8, Russia defeated the Netherlands 7:6, the United States edged out Kazakhstan 10:5, and Italy beat New Zealand 12:2.
A total of 12 women's water polo teams competed in this year's tournament.
(concluded)
Strongly support the owner! I will compose a poem to show my heart:
Defend the Diaoyu Islands to the death!
Fear of warships ramming fishing boats. Little Japan is again involved in disputes. Its ambition is obvious to the world.
The days of losing power and humiliating the country are gone. China must be strong and sheathe its sword, so that we may bury all incoming enemies!
September 11, 2010
I agree with the owner's analysis and strongly support it. If the war really comes, I want to be Hua Mulan, to protect my family and my country, to promote China's dragon power, and to defend the dignity of the nation to the death.
I wish very much that I could have been born in the time of Mao Zedong's Long March, the era of passionate bloodshed, willing to throw their heads and spill their blood, to completely destroy the incoming enemy, and to promote my Chinese dragon!
How long do we have to put up with Japan?
Compatriots:
Greetings! We all know about the "September 18th Incident", and now Japan is planning another "September 18th Incident" on the sea, another "Lugou Bridge on the Sea".
Japan has braved universal condemnation and openly occupied the Diaoyu Islands, a sacred territory of our country.
As we all know, the "Diaoyu Islands" have always belonged to China, but for historical reasons, their original ownership has become controversial.
Fellow countrymen, what is ours is ours, and there is no need to negotiate! Japan has thus intensified its efforts to create a de facto occupation. Can we allow this? No - never!
Compatriots, Japan's militarism once brought deep disasters to the people of Asia.
China, in particular, suffered from the decades-long ravages of Japan.
In the Northeast, Japan's Unit 731 brutally used living people from China, Korea and other countries to conduct human experiments, with horrific means; the Nanjing Massacre, which smeared the thousand-year-old capital with a layer of blood that can never fade; the bloody battles of Hengyang and Changsha, which exposed thousands of miles of white bones and withered everything. ......
Compatriots, the heinous crimes committed by Japan in China are too numerous to mention.
Those millions of dead souls who lost their lives are as if they were wandering over the Pacific Ocean and can hardly rest in peace.
Anyone who lived through that era must remember it vividly, and even our descendants have tears in their eyes and blood in their veins whenever they read this piece of history!
Now Japan is trying to rehash the history of its aggression. Compatriots, compatriots of Asia, wake up!
A hundred years of shame, although unbearable, but we must face; historical problems have not been resolved, then let us create a history!
Since there is a responsibility, there is no need to be afraid. Although the territory is small, it is a matter of dignity; no matter how the winds and clouds change, national interests and national unity will be the guarantee of honor; even if it is scarred, it cannot let the homeland leave!
Compatriots, the advent of the twenty-first century for the Chinese nation is a time of internal difficulties and external pressure, we will face many challenges.
With the Taiwan issue, the Tibet issue, the South China Sea issue, the neighboring environment, and aggressive foreign forces against China, where do we go from here?
What should we do, my compatriots? Take a look at the map of the world, the crescent-shaped encirclement that is crushing our breath, stifling our development and coveting our land.
We do not wish to make enemies, but we must not fear them; we do not wish for war, but we must not fear it!
We must urgently rearm and strengthen all military forces on land, at sea and in the air.
For thousands of years, the Chinese nation has been strong several times, and never had the ambition to expand its territory.
We are guided by the idea of a foreign security strategy based on benevolence and virtue.
Tolerance and magnanimity in the State are like tolerance and magnanimity in the individual; we avoid harming others, but we must insist that we are not harmed!
Tolerance is not intimidation, and sincerity is even less fear.
Our country's forgiveness of war reparations to Japan in World War II is about peace, benevolent peace.
Compatriots, the Monument to the People's Heroes is a concentrated history of the struggle of the Chinese nation for self-improvement.
That majestic figure represents a sacred prayer for peace.
From time to time the thought-strings of memory are plucked, and many a jingoistic tragedy and tragedy spring to mind.
Through the yellowed pages of history, my mind seemed to see the famous Chinese ruler Kangxi the Great alone in his great hall hundreds of years ago, pondering how to realize the unity of the country, and it was as if I saw the former President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, wandering in solitude in the dark halls, pondering over the integrity of the Union.
"Although the world is at peace, forgetting war will lead to danger." Compatriots, we want development and peace, but we must not be tolerant. The humiliating Treaty of Xinjiao aggravated China's poverty and backwardness in modern times - backwardness is to be beaten.
There can be no peace without strength!
We must focus on national defense education for all, build up the Great Wall in the hearts of 1.3 billion people, and establish a national defense system that is both offensive and defensive in all aspects;
The best defense is offense, and it is necessary to strengthen the ultra-long-range precision strike force and improve the ability to fight in all airspace, in great depth and at long distances. Without affecting the development of the national economy, we should increase investment in and construction of the defence industry, accelerate the modernization and intelligence of military equipment, and build a high-quality, high-technology elite force.
The battle cry is about to be blown and the people are ready to go.
Without the support of the people, we will accomplish nothing; with the support of the people, we will do nothing!
Fellow citizens, it is time for us to say "no" to others. And so we must:
First, to set up guaranteed funds and improve the working environment and mechanisms to absorb the hundreds of thousands of scientific and technological professionals who have emigrated and stayed in the United States, Japan and other parts of the world to return to their home countries.
Second, the establishment of several nuclear-powered aircraft carrier battle groups.
Third, the manufacture of 5,000 advanced combat aircraft of all types.
Fourthly, accelerate the research and deployment of high-speed intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of breaking through missile defenses and with a range of more than 10,000 nautical miles.
Fifthly, the resumption of nuclear testing and the establishment of a military force in space.
Sixth, to possess 1,000 nuclear bombs of 10 million tons of TNT yield and, if necessary, to attach nuclear warheads to all short- and medium-range missiles.
Seventh, the possession of 30 strategic nuclear submarines with the capability to carry out at least three destructive nuclear strikes against the enemy.
Eighth, the renunciation of the commitment not to be the first to use nuclear weapons.
Ninth, the right to pre-emptive action is reserved in the event of a threat to national security.
Compatriots, only with self-confidence and self-improvement can we rise to the occasion. Qin Shi Huang unified China. Zheng Chenggong recovered Taiwan. We must bring the foresight and strong will of our predecessors to our responsibilities.
Now, far from the motherland, the land is trembling, groaning and calling. Compatriots, let us carry on the legacy of our forefathers and march forward!
Whenever I read through history, the heaviness and indignation in my heart turn into worries about the nation. Although I was born in cloth, a commoner, but in order to the motherland strong, in order to the motherland's splendor again, I would like to volunteer to serve the country, death without regret! The heart of serving the country is strong enough to be expressed in the sky!
Fill in the word here to express your heart.
lit. light reddish-red lips
defend Diaoyu Islands
lose a sulphur ball (e.g. in soccer)
Don't let the fishing fall to other countries.
a hundred years old
lit. clouds and smoke follow the flying waves
youngest days of a season
travel around in all directions with a printed seal
hope for the gleaming of pennants
lit. wave his spear and cross east (idiom); fig. to turn around and move to the east
lit. drink a horse in the Pacific Ocean
June 26, 2002
Other articles: "Letter to Compatriots in Taiwan - I have a dream", "The necessity of building memorials museums or temples for China's national heroes", "How long can we stand it", "China looks forward to the Olympics, but will never beg for it", "If we forget the hardships of history, there will be more difficult history", "I am a Chinese", "There is only one Chinese nation, only one Chinese culture", "As the past - development of sports, the country may fall", "Rich country, strong people" or "rich officials, poor people"? Abominable Ren Zhiqiang, shut your mouth", "Hateful house prices, poor people! Brother Ku, you are not qualified to say anything about China", "How much longer do we have to be patient with the US", "Japan deserved to be bombed - Strongly Oppose Ban Ki-moon's Flower Laying in Hiroshima", "Be Strong, My Brothers and Sisters", "Do we need lowly entertainment stars or scientific and technological innovation talents? Contemporary Garbage Writers, Shameless Li Yinhe, Please Spare the Children".
Why don't we fight the Japs?
What are the Chinese still putting up with?
They even rode over us.
Is this still what the Brave Nation does?
We should tell the world that Chinese people can't be bullied by others recklessly ......
Now is the time to show our strength! China has been restrained for too long!
Nowadays our people are living too carefree! The officials are too extravagant.
Now we have no cohesion! China needs to go to war! Let's give the lackeys who follow the US a resounding slap in the face!
Let them know that America is not a panacea! If we win, China's influence will increase! Civic cohesion will increase! If we lose, we can clean out the incompetent bureaucrats and weed out the trash! Let China be renewed with fresh blood. Stand up, China!
Forward, China, forward!
I suggest that China strengthen its daily guarding of the Diaoyu Islands to protect the fishermen and our sovereignty; if Japan dares to invade our territory militarily, then we must fight a small war of self-defense, no matter what the cost. China cannot afford to lose its territory!
We need to express our feelings in life, but is it really appropriate to show yourself in front of a large crowd in someone else's ring?
I was just passing by.
Society as a whole, not to mention celebrities
Shit, that's not sexy.
This is totally unacceptable.
Agreed, just cheap theater. Their bad reputation in feudal society is still not unjustified.
Their days look glamorous.
A bunch of lowlifes.
Life is not easy.
: Surprise:
It's normal. Bitches are heartless. Playwrights are heartless.
They want money, not face.
Just look at the "four-eyed wolf" near Fan, and you'll see that the actress has no choice but to drink with her, otherwise she'll be thrown out of the circle, or even her reputation will be ruined.
son of a bitch
As long as there is food :cute:
It's not easy for everyone. Life is like a play. You have to read the script to know how to act.
They're all SBs.
360 rows, rows and rows of scholars! Who knows how much hard work goes on behind the scenes! This is an insult to the word "fan"!
(onom.) laughing out loud
It's too much.
The reality is this.
Shoot those hooligans.
Cheap theater.
Cheap theater!
Showbiz is filthy. Men are animals and scum.
Sympathize with them, but who's to blame? It's not easy for actresses.
Everyone does. If you don't, how do you make money?
She is a proud woman in front of others, but secretly sad in times of loneliness ......
To put it bluntly, some of the actresses nowadays are no different from those flower girls in ancient times. Nowadays, they are famous prostitutes, and it's not unusual for them to drink with or even sleep with dignitaries.
Don't talk about others. Mind your own business.
What are we going to do in the future? You cannot succeed on the basis of ability alone! Do we still have to face such difficult choices?
It's an indisputable fact that underneath the glossy exterior lies pain.
It's not that bad. They're just playing in their own circles. Out of sight, out of mind.
Unlike Zhang Jizhong, this old man, he not only acted like a hooligan in his circle, but he also took pride in being virtuous. When he couldn't disgust people anymore, he went to make dramas to disgust the whole country.
you get what you pay for
When will there be innocent girls in China?
This incident has stirred up the entire entertainment industry. It is said that Xu Huaiyu was forced to leave the company because she refused to drink with the guests arranged by the company, and she had to turn to work as a paralegal to make ends meet.
Many enviable superstars often have to go to social events that they don't want to go to, but have to go to.
After all, there are many things they can't help but do, because there are many parties and many people at stake.
Sometimes what seems like a normal dinner party to us may not be as simple as regular people think.
A star signs a lot of contracts, and if she handles them well, her income will snowball like crazy; if she handles them poorly, she'll soon be swept off her feet or even lose her reputation ......
There are two types of smart actresses. The first always maintains a high profile and rejects all such invitations;
The second category is skillful in playing with and using the body as a source of capital to achieve their goals.
Some superstars are said to have taken their first acting roles this way.
After a full meal, advertisers or film distributors may take the opportunity to hook up and pinch and kiss, while actresses usually choose to put up with it.
They are the last of the three religions.
Those celebrities are just putting on a show, they're actually having a much better time than that.
Agreed, just cheap theater. Their bad reputation in feudal society is still not unjustified.
Agreed!
Well, it's not easy being an actress.
They deserved it. They had it coming.
I don't think it's easy for everyone!
These women are animals. These men are worse than animals.
Disgusting!
Really disgusting!
It won't last.
Route 288 is a loop highway in the southwestern part of the new town of Richmond, Virginia, opened in late 2004.
The highway is having some adverse effects on local development patterns, leading to traffic congestion near various exits.
Today, the Richmond Times-Dispatch will have a story on the impact the highway has had on the Huguenot section of Paultan County.
Traffic on the Huguenot section has doubled since the opening of Route 288, according to Will Jones.
Speeding violations and accidents have also skyrocketed:
So far this year, 17 crashes have been reported on the highway near its intersection with Winterfield Road, compared to 12 in all of 2004.
Dale Totten, the Virginia Department of Transportation's resident section engineer, said the VDOT would invest $13 million to widen the highway to four lanes if it had enough money.
Of course, the Virginia Department of Transportation doesn't have any more money for road construction in the Richmond area right now.
One reason is that the Virginia Department of Transportation has spent all the damn money on Route 288 at the behest of local politicians and demagogues!
Where is Homer Simpson when you need him?
Now there is only a long sigh of "Ugh".
As we originally predicted, 288 has brought residential development to those sparsely populated areas near the exit, overloading local county roads.
This closed highway may provide some limited traffic relief for those commuting between Chesterfield and Goochland Counties, but while others choose where to live and work, the
They are creating traffic jams in new places.
The only thing that surprises me is how fast it all came together.
Previously, I thought these would happen three to four years later.
If road construction for one exit on 288 costs $13 million, imagine the financial burden of all the exits needed!
Here's another prediction:
In a few years, the need for new improvements to the highway will surge as land near the major intersections of Route 288 is sporadically developed and mega-commercial projects come through the permitting process.
As we approach the end of the decade from now, we could see those unfunded liabilities skyrocket to far more than the $400 million it cost to build the highway in the first place.
I'd like to say this to the geniuses who think 288 is a great idea:
Don't get all worked up.
I think it would have been better if the $400 million had been spent elsewhere.
I don't think you can blame Route 288 for the arrival of these people.
What if there are enough people to create new traffic jams in new places?
Is there traffic congestion in the old place too?
Now, you should understand how people like TMT in Fairfax feel.
I generally stand in favor of building roads, the
But given the needs of the rest of Va, 288 is definitely a bit much.
This city of yours, Richmond, has virtually no traffic congestion.
The daily rush hour is only a mere 30 minutes ......
You let them pass through a circular highway that runs through a large rural area.
A path to nothing ......
Think about what it would be like if that money was spent on some other intersection or roadway that desperately needs to be upgraded in the northern part of VA.
The centrists in Va, rubbing salt in the wound, wiped out that debt together by making the rest of Va pay for 288 in the previous year's budget.
You've been "too good" to us, letting us stay with you to pay off the debt.
Though it's not that big a deal.
It's a cliché now.
If you overreach out of necessity, you will be accused of developing in a haphazard manner.
If you build roads in places where there is a dire need, the blame turns to the fact that you can't solve the traffic congestion problem.
Anonymous:
Quite well said.
5:26 Well said.
But the situation has given a smack in the face to a Florida audit report whose findings show that instead of funding the construction of transportation projects in accordance with the state's overall transportation plan, the Va. transportation commission and the Va. department of transportation are determined by who has done the most lobbying.
In my opinion, this is an intolerable and shameful problem.
In addition, Sen. Chichester (R) and his lapdogs are attempting to throw more money at this terrible situation, and they're going to make the problem even worse.
What is the purpose of transportation-related expenditures?
In Va. it would give convenience to private enterprise rather than serve the public interest.
Big mistake.
Walter Stozzi has said that the construction of Route 288 will be paid for out of the Economic Development Block Grant.
Say it, people!
TMT: I don't understand what you mean.
When was the last time you were stuck in a long line of traffic and couldn't move, weren't you going to work or business or any of those things then?
To me, the whole point of the highway is to make it easy for everyone to get to and from private businesses in the neighborhood.
Of course, we have travel needs such as weekend trips, visiting family and friends, going to soccer games, etc., but the main thing is to fulfill work and business needs.
With spending on our roads not keeping up with growth in business or in-state production, it's no wonder we have traffic congestion problems.
If we realize that roads are primarily for commercial needs, we should do two things:
Making businesses pay more for transportation (which, of course, will eventually be passed on to us) encourages them to relocate to locations that will put the least amount of stress on the transportation system, even though that means traveling farther overall.
Why is it so hard to understand?
The solution is to adopt a functional human settlement pattern, where the balance between transportation system capacity and land use creates demand for travel.
Everything else will follow.
Embarrassing.
TMT said, "In Va. it will give convenience to private businesses rather than serve the public interest." "
I don't agree with this because it demonizes private enterprise schemes and puts the public interest above all else.
I see the two as closely intertwined and essentially one and the same.
apparently because of the unequal distribution of the cake, which has caused some local problems.
But overall, if we demonize business to a certain extent, we will eventually find all of us working for the devil.
The fact that the kind of "solution" being claimed is essentially a dynamic, ever-changing equilibrium is meaningless.
You might even see building a railroad to Dulles as a positive thing, and that's because Dulles is a job center that could boost demand for that railroad in both directions.
I agree.
Indeed, in itself there may be reason enough to build such a railroad.
What I'm saying now is that the same logic applies to highways:
To ensure that we maximize the results of our investments, they should have destinations at both ends of the spectrum.
To get closer to the balance you say we need, we need more locations.
Here are some facts:
I drive by Watkins Wharf every morning and evening.
I traveled to and from the Huguenot line.
I've never seen any so-called traffic "flooding".
How long does it take for the speed limit to be 55 mph in that area, with only 75 to 100 cars passing through each "morning"?
Because development on the Chesterfield side of the road, new schools and a whole host of developments that are moving forward are putting heavy pressure on local traffic, which was previously diverted via Robbies Road, plans are in place to widen the Huguenot section.
Route 288, a great program for those of us who need to use it, as development west of Chesterfield has been hampered by a lack of highway
But with this highway, we'll be able to get some real business development opportunities and work closer to home.
You might think that's not a reasonable land use.
I don't plan on living in the city.
I won't be working downtown.
I won't go on public transportation because it's not safe for commuting women who work long hours and get off work irregularly.
I just love large land developments.
Ask me to keep a horse on a quarter acre piece of land and I can't do it.
that the price of gasoline could rise as high as $10 a gallon.
But I'm still willing to pay that fee just to live in the country.
Many people have sensible hobbies, such as horseback riding, hunting, gardening, all sorts of trivia, etc., that make them not want to live downtown.
Some people are so fanatical about city life that I really struggle to understand it.
Anonymous 6:37, you can by all means choose to live in the country as long as you like.
But you don't have the right to ask the rest of Va. to join in paying for a $400 million dollar highway that is only there to make it easier for them to get to shopping and work.
One thing we've been missing above the debate surrounding the construction of Route 288 is where else could the $400 million have been spent?
To what extent could traffic congestion have been relieved if the money had been spent in the first place on other road projects where congestion pressure exists, or even on some non-road projects?
Ray Hyde: My comment to the investors who lobbied for a road near their property, this road system is inadequate and responds to the requests of these people without considering its connection to the overall transportation plan and the lack of connection to the master plan.
